From bounce-206434-13148861@cabotmail.net  Thu Jun 28 16:23:50 2007
Return-Path: <bounce-206434-13148861@cabotmail.net>
Received: from cabotmail.net (cabotmail.net [69.25.193.100])
	by flax9.uwaterloo.ca (8.12.8/8.12.5) with SMTP id l5SKNoL9015150
	for <avcooper@speedy.uwaterloo.ca>; Thu, 28 Jun 2007 16:23:50 -0400
Message-Id: <200706282023.l5SKNoL9015150@flax9.uwaterloo.ca>
From: Timothy Lutts <TimothyLutts@cabotwealth.com>
To: avcooper@flax9.uwaterloo.ca
Subject: Cabot Wealth Advisory 6/28/07 - The Farming Issue
Date: Thu, 28 Jun 2007 16:15:00 -0400
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="ISO-8859-1"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
Reply-To: TimothyLutts@cabotwealth.com

June 28, 2007

Salem, Massachusetts

By Timothy Lutts

-----

FCStone, A Company Outstanding In Its Field

CNH, Tracing Its Roots Back To Cyrus McCormick

And Finally, The Company That Builds Those Green Tractors

-----

On Monday I mentioned my new bird-proof blueberry cage, and the bumper
crop of berries that is now developing inside.  It's going to be a great
harvest, and if I'm lucky the money I spent on materials for the cage will
be offset by thousands of fresh berries in the years ahead.

But I'm not in this for the money.  I'm in it as a hobbyist, and that's a
good thing, because farming is a difficult business.  Last year, for
example, a very wet spring meant the bushes weren't even pollinated.  As a
result, there were almost no berries.

If I were a farmer I'd have starved.

But even the experts have a tough time making a living as farmers in
Massachusetts.  What with the rocks, the hills, the short growing season,
the expensive labor and the high cost of land, it's no wonder the number
of farms continues to shrink.

Out in the Midwest, farming is a bit easier; the flat wide-open spaces -
and no rocks - at least mean large machinery can be used productively. 
Still, Mother Nature is always a factor.  Any year's crop can be ruined by
rain, drought, heat, cold, insects and more.

And the impact of those unmanageable factors is felt all through the food
chain, from the producers to the wholesalers to the retailers.

Happily, the financial markets are increasingly providing ways for farmers
and other participants in the industry to reduce that risk by hedging
their exposure, in a multitude of ways, to the fluctuating prices that
stem from these variables.

And that, finally, brings me to today's stock, FCStone (FCSX), of Des
Moines, Iowa.  Most investors have never heard FCStone, and with good
reason; it's only been public since February.  But it earned a spot in
Cabot Top Ten Report this week, and editor Mike Cintolo liked it so much
he named it Editor's Choice.

Here's what he said:

"FCStone, headquartered in Des Moines, Iowa, is a commodity
risk-management firm, which means it advises customers (mainly in the
grain industry) on how to reduce risk and improve profit margins by using
futures, options and other derivative instruments.  And the stock is
strong today because demand is growing for what the company provides.

In the grain area, growing demand for ethanol (along with speculation
about changes to government policies) has increased volatility.   
FCStone was recently named the electronic market maker for the Chicago
Board of Trade's ethanol futures contract. Internationally, Brazil is a
growth market.  And on the environmental side, the company just teamed up
with Argonne National Laboratory to quantify biofuel carbon credit
reductions.

The firm also operates in forestry and currency exchange.  In the first
quarter, it saw record volumes in derivatives contracts in both
agriculture and energy, and that helped boost profit margins to a record
1.7%.  In sum, we like all these trends.  We think the company has great
growth potential ahead of it as these segments of the global economy
expand and demand the firm's services. And we think the company, now
trading at just 65% of revenues, is undervalued here.

FCSX came public in February at 24, and has been in an uptrend since,
interrupted by a normal pullback in April and May.  Last week it hit new
highs at 62.  So where to buy?  On the downside, there's strong support
around 50; if you're a bargain-hunter you could put in a buy order that
might be filled there.  Otherwise, anything 10% or more off the top seems
reasonable."

Looking a little deeper, I see that the firm works with some 900
commercial grain companies that collectively produce the majority of the
corn, wheat and soybeans harvested in the U.S.  84% of its business, in
fact, is tied to grain merchandising.

Beyond that, I see the firm operating in a growing number of smaller areas
that have the potential for great growth, assuming management plays its
cards right.

I see it serving the food industry, from producers to distributors to
grocery store chains to restaurants.

I see it working with ethanol and bio-diesel producers to maximize
operating profitability while minimizing the numerous risks that come with
a developing industry.

And I see it serving oil producers, refiners and wholesalers, trucking
firms, municipalities and railroads, all with an eye to smoothing out the
effects of volatile energy prices.

The bottom line is that anxiety over the increasingly volatile prices of
grain, oil, ethanol and more is driving more and more companies to
FCStone.

In a way, the company operates like an insurance company; it promises to
reduce the unpleasant shocks of unplanned events . . . for a price. 
Historically, insurance companies have been great, dependable investments.
 And I think the same might be said about FCStone, too, in time.

I also like it here because it's a relatively new stock, which means many
investors have never heard of it before.  And that means there are more
potential buyers than sellers!

----- ADVERTISEMENT -----

Increased Profits For 13 Cents Per Day!

When we could see that Apple Computer's earnings momentum was shooting
through the roof in October 2004, we named it Stock of the Month. It was
selling for a shockingly low $35 per share. Today, (adjusted for a 2-for-1
split) it has turned a $10,000 investment into $43,000.

There are 16 more Stocks of the Month I could name that have handed us an
88% average profit per stock over the past two years.

Join Cabot Stock of The Month and get in on the next stock that explodes,
like past picks Intuitive Surgical (up 600%), Broadvision (up 670%), and
Amazon (up 1,290%). Sign up today and you'll get immediate access to all
current recommendations, along with the free bonus report, Sector of the
Year.

To learn more, please visit this link:
http://cabotmail.net/t/206434/13148861/86/0/

-----

Sticking to the farming theme gives me a chance to feature another
little-known stock.  It's CNH Global.  Again, the name probably doesn't
ring a bell.  What if I said, CNH stands for Case New Holland and it
includes Ford Tractor, International Harvester and more?  Then maybe you
say, "Yeah, I remember those good old American names."

But CNH is based in the Netherlands now!

Here's how it happened . . . starting at the beginning.

In 1842, Jerome Increase Case founded the Racine Threshing Machine Works.

In 1848, a man ten years older named Cyrus McCormick, who had developed
the mechanical reaper, founded the McCormick Harvesting Machine Company in
Chicago.

Fifty years later, his son, Cyrus H. McCormick, led the effort to create
International Harvester, by bringing the Deering Harvester Company and
three smaller manufacturers into the fold.

A company named New Holland was founded in Pennsylvania in 1895,
specializing in agricultural equipment.

And twelve years later, Ford Motor in Detroit built the prototype of the
world's first mass-produced agricultural tractor.

Throughout the 20th century, numerous other companies were formed in the
U.S., Canada and Europe to manufacture farming equipment.

But as the century wore on, competitive pressures made life increasingly
difficult for these firms.

The manufacture of Ford tractors was moved first to England and then to
Brazil.

New Holland was bought by Sperry Corporation in 1947.

In 1966 Fiat (Fabbrica Italiana Automobili Torino) started a Tractors and
Earthmoving Machinery Division.

In 1984, Ford Motor acquired Sperry New Holland, merged it with Ford
Tractor, and renamed it Ford New Holland.

Also in 1984, Case bought the agricultural equipment division of
International Harvester, creating Case IH.

In 1986, the remaining part of International Harvester was renamed
Navistar.

In 1991, Fiat acquired Ford New Holland and named it N.H. Geotech.

In 1993, its name was changed to New Holland

And in 1999, Case and New Holland joined together, becoming CNH Global,
though still majority-owned by Fiat.

As a result of all this buying and merging, CNH Global has become an
international powerhouse in the agricultural equipment industry.  In
addition to tractors, it makes plows, harrows, cultivators, seed drills
and fertilizer sprayers.  And when it's time to get the crop in, it has
combines that can be optimized for corn, wheat, mustard, canola, barley,
lentils, lupins, oats, peas, milo, flax, grass seeds, pinto beans,
safflower, alfalfa, millet, soybeans, rice, sunflowers and more.  It also
makes cotton-picking equipment, mowers, balers and rakes.

And here's some 21st century technology!  Integrating GPS guidance systems
into tractors eliminates the need to steer in open fields, freeing the
operator to focus on the task at hand.  It also makes the job easier in
rain, dark, dust and fog.

All told, it's a very impressive package of assets, and you could easily
conclude that as long as man needs to eat, CNH (or its next permutation -
maybe Daimler-CNH, to be creative) will prosper.

But it's not alone.  There's still one major competitor in the industry,
left untouched by all the consolidations of the past century-plus, and
that's the company with the green tractors, John Deere.

In a sense it was destiny.  John Deere (the man) was born in Rutland
Vermont in 1804 and became a blacksmith, but moved to Illinois in 1836 to
escape his creditors.  While McCormick and Case were working on their
threshers and combines, Deere was manufacturing steel plows (ploughs, in
those days).  The expansion into tractors didn't come until 1912, but
through capable management, the tractors eventually helped the company
become the #1 agricultural company in the U.S. . . . and today, Deere is
still headquartered in Moline, Illinois.

So how do these two companies compare?

CNH Global, headquartered in the Netherlands, has revenues of $13 billion,
and gets 60% of its revenues from the agricultural division.

Deere is bigger, with revenues of $23 billion, but gets only 40% of its
revenues from agricultural products.

Deere gets a huge 72% of its revenues from the U.S., while CNH is a more
global, getting just 40% from the U.S.

Deere trades at a PSR (price to sales ratio) of 1.2.  CNH's PSR is 0.89.

But Deere's PE (price earnings) ratio is lower; it's 18 while CNH's is
28.

Deere's profit margin has averaged 6.7% over the past year, while CNH's
has averaged just 3.1%.

CNH pays an annual dividend of 0.4% while Deere's is 1.5%.

But are they worthwhile investments?  The simple answer is yes, because
business is good now and the stocks are in uptrends.  There's growth
outside the U.S., particularly in China and Brazil.  And inside the U.S.
the ethanol boom has revitalized the agricultural sector.

Year to date, Deere (DE) is up 26% and CNH (CNH) is up 78%.

But a look at the long-term chart of Deere tells us this stock is likely
closer to a top than a bottom.  This is a cyclical business, and Deere's
current major uptrend has been in place since 2000, so it's looking rather
extended.  (Yes, the time to buy tractors was when the Internet boom
topped.)  Now, that doesn't mean the stock will top here, or even in the
next few months, just that the advance is looking rather long in the
tooth.

But CNH's chart is different.  It started trading in 1996, peaked in 1997,
and then plunged into a five-year decline, finally bottoming - after
losing 96% of its value - early in 2003.  Since then the trend has been
up, and that old peak is still far away.

We discovered this stock, interestingly, in Cabot Top Ten, where it earned
a spot twice in February (the first time it was selling at 34) and again
in June, based solely on its strength.  In short, there's big money moving
into the stock, pushing it higher fast.  Some of these investors are
buying because of China, some because of Brazil, and some because of
ethanol . . .  or the exchange rate advantage or valuation or the
company's increased research and development program.  But to me it
doesn't matter.

What matters is that the stock is under accumulation, and that there are
no signs of selling pressure yet, despite the recent weakness in the
overall market.  Conclusion, CNH can run farther still.

-----

Editor's note:

CNH is a perfect example of Cabot Top Ten Report's ability to find the
strongest stocks in the market regardless of their age or industry.  So if
what you like is strong stocks, you owe it to yourself to check it out.  A
no-risk trial subscription is very affordable, and will guarantee you a
weekly dose of the ten strongest stocks, complete with fundamental and
technical analysis . . . even recommended buy ranges.

To get started, simply click the link below.

http://cabotmail.net/t/206434/13148861/81/0/


Yours in pursuit of wisdom and wealth,

Timothy Lutts
Publisher
Cabot Wealth Advisory

-----

Cabot Wealth Advisory, a free thrice-weekly e-mail service brought to you
by the Cabot family of investment newsletters. To learn more or subscribe,
see: http://www.cabotwealth.com

Are you having trouble receiving your Cabot Wealth Advisory?  You can
ensure its arrival in your mailbox here:
http://www.cabotwealth.com/whitelist

To learn more about Tim Lutts, visit our site:
http://www.cabotwealth.com/lutts

We appreciate your feedback. Follow the link below to fill out our survey:
http://mail.cabot-online.com/subscribe/survey?f=448

Our writers and contributors welcome your questions and comments. If you
have a particular area of expertise you'd like to share insight on, we'd
love to hear it. Simply reply to this e-mail with the word 'Question' or 
'Comment' in the subject of your reply. 

The reply address is not for issues regarding customer service...you may
or may not receive a reply. If we include any of your comments, we'll
credit you, of course. If you wish to remain anonymous, we'll protect your
privacy.

For customer service issues, you can email us at customerservice@cabotwealth.com

---

Please note: We sent this e-mail to: avcooper@speedy.uwaterloo.ca because you subscribed
to this service.

To end your Cabot Wealth Advisory e-mail subscription, visit this address:

 http://mail.cabot-online.com/u?id=13148861R&o=206434&l=cwa-eletter

To cancel by mail or for any other subscription issues, write us at:
   
Cabot Heritage Corporation
P.O. Box 2049
176 North Street 
Salem, MA 01970

---

ALL CONTENTS OF THIS E-MAIL ARE COPYRIGHT 2007 BY CABOT HERITAGE
CORPORATION. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED: REPRODUCING ANY PART OF THIS DOCUMENT IS
PROHIBITED WITHOUT THE EXPRESS WRITTEN CONSENT OF CABOT HERITAGE
CORPORATION.

Protected by U.S. Copyright Law {Title 17 U.S.C. Section 101 et seq.,
Title 18 U.S.C. Section 2319}: Infringements can be punishable by up to
five years in prison and $250,000 in fines.

LEGAL DISCLAIMER:  Neither Cabot Heritage Corporation nor its
employees are compensated in any way by the companies whose stocks we
recommend.  We may or may not buy and sell securities mentioned.
Sources of information are believed to be reliable, but they are in no
way guaranteed to be complete or without error. Recommendations,
opinions or suggestions are given with the understanding that readers
acting on information assume all risks involved.

