From info@imdlotto.com  Thu Apr 19 06:39:20 2007
Return-Path: <info@imdlotto.com>
Received: from plg2.math.uwaterloo.ca (plg2.math.uwaterloo.ca [129.97.186.80])
	by speedy.uwaterloo.ca (8.12.8/8.12.5) with ESMTP id l3JAdJ0I023346;
	Thu, 19 Apr 2007 06:39:19 -0400
Received: from server8.hostinginsiders.com (server8.hostinginsiders.com [67.15.187.2])
	by plg2.math.uwaterloo.ca (8.13.8/8.13.8) with ESMTP id l3JAcobH027378
	(version=TLSv1/SSLv3 cipher=DHE-RSA-AES256-SHA bits=256 verify=NO);
	Thu, 19 Apr 2007 06:38:52 -0400 (EDT)
Received: from imdlotto by server8.hostinginsiders.com with local (Exim 4.63)
	(envelope-from <info@imdlotto.com>)
	id 1HeU0q-0003Z9-HK; Thu, 19 Apr 2007 05:37:16 -0500
Received: from 81.37.170.115 ([81.37.170.115])
        (SquirrelMail authenticated user info@imdlotto.com)
        by www.imdlotto.com with HTTP;
        Thu, 19 Apr 2007 05:37:16 -0500 (CDT)
Message-ID: <3125.81.37.170.115.1176979036.squirrel@www.imdlotto.com>
Date: Thu, 19 Apr 2007 05:37:16 -0500 (CDT)
Subject: INVESTMENT READ PLEASE
From: "Mr. Clive Buthelezi" <info@imdlotto.com>
Reply-To: nklelectronic@aim.com
User-Agent: SquirrelMail/1.4.9a
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain;charset=iso-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
X-Priority: 3 (Normal)
Importance: Normal
X-AntiAbuse: This header was added to track abuse, please include it with any abuse report
X-AntiAbuse: Primary Hostname - server8.hostinginsiders.com
X-AntiAbuse: Original Domain - plg.uwaterloo.ca
X-AntiAbuse: Originator/Caller UID/GID - [33508 2012] / [47 12]
X-AntiAbuse: Sender Address Domain - imdlotto.com
X-Source: 
X-Source-Args: 
X-Source-Dir: 
X-Miltered: at mailchk-m01 with ID 462746BA.000 by Joe's j-chkmail (http://j-chkmail.ensmp.fr)!
X-Virus-Scanned: ClamAV version 0.90.2, clamav-milter version 0.90.2 on localhost
X-Virus-Status: Clean
X-UUID: 12441e6d-d247-4d08-bb14-eb6a5bfd7c26
Status: O
Content-Length: 139191
Lines: 2682








































Dear friend I make this appeal with the understanding that any facts or
opinion expressed by me are giving in confidence and solely for your
personal information and use. I am Mr. Clive Buthelezi, the manager of
bill and exchange at the foreign remittance department where I work.

 In my department I discovered an abandoned sum of amount in few millions
in American currency, (US Dollars) with account number 8-32902701722 that
belongs to one of our foreign customers who died along with his wife and
only daughter in a plane crash of Alaska Airlines Flight number 261 which
crashed on 31 January 2000. You shall read more about the crash on
visiting this site http://www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/

 The owner of this account is Mr. Morris Thompson an American and great in
industrialist and a resident of Alaska. It is therefore upon this
discovery that I now decided to make this business proposal to you and for
our bank to release the money to you. You have to follow the
instruction which I will send to you as the next of kin or relation to the
deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for
it and I don't want this money to go into our bank treasury as unclaimed
bill.

The banking law and guidelines here stipulates that if such money remained
unclaimed after Three years, the money will be transferred into the bank
treasury as unclaimed fund.

The money has now stayed more than three years and I am preparing
documentation to prove that this money has been transferred to our bank
treasury. It will be between me and you will know the money was not
transferred into our treasure. The request of foreigner as next of kin in
this transaction is occasioned by the fact that the customer was a
foreigner and only a fellow white can stand as next of kin to him from the
documents presented before us. In appreciation of your assistance, I am
offering you 35% of the total sum. 5% for contingencies (cost of
transfer/other charges) likely to be incurred during the course of
transaction, while the remaining 55% is for me.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of
the application, which you will complete, and forward to our bank asking
for this money to be paid to you as the next of kin to Mr. Morris Thomson.
I will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is
hitch-free and that you should not entertain any fear or anticipate that
you will be sending me any funds, as all required arrangements have been
made for the transfer. You should contact me immediately as soon as you
receive this mail through the above email. PLEASE DO NOT hesitate to
contact me immediately should you consider my urgent request.
 Yours Faithfully,
Mr. Clive Buthelezi
nklelectronic@aim.com




-- 
Dear friend I make this appeal with the understanding that any facts or
opinion expressed by me are giving in confidence and solely for your
personal information and use. I am Mr. Clive Buthelezi, the manager of
bill and exchange at the foreign remittance department where I work.

 In my department I discovered an abandoned sum of amount in few millions
in American currency, (US Dollars) with account number 8-32902701722 that
belongs to one of our foreign customers who died along with his wife and
only daughter in a plane crash of Alaska Airlines Flight number 261 which
crashed on 31 January 2000. You shall read more about the crash on
visiting this site http://www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/

 The owner of this account is Mr. Morris Thompson an American and great in
industrialist and a resident of Alaska. It is therefore upon this
discovery that I now decided to make this business proposal to you and for
our bank to release the money to you. You have to follow the
instruction which I will send to you as the next of kin or relation to the
deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for
it and I don't want this money to go into our bank treasury as unclaimed
bill.

The banking law and guidelines here stipulates that if such money remained
unclaimed after Three years, the money will be transferred into the bank
treasury as unclaimed fund.

The money has now stayed more than three years and I am preparing
documentation to prove that this money has been transferred to our bank
treasury. It will be between me and you will know the money was not
transferred into our treasure. The request of foreigner as next of kin in
this transaction is occasioned by the fact that the customer was a
foreigner and only a fellow white can stand as next of kin to him from the
documents presented before us. In appreciation of your assistance, I am
offering you 35% of the total sum. 5% for contingencies (cost of
transfer/other charges) likely to be incurred during the course of
transaction, while the remaining 55% is for me.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of
the application, which you will complete, and forward to our bank asking
for this money to be paid to you as the next of kin to Mr. Morris Thomson.
I will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is
hitch-free and that you should not entertain any fear or anticipate that
you will be sending me any funds, as all required arrangements have been
made for the transfer. You should contact me immediately as soon as you
receive this mail through the above email. PLEASE DO NOT hesitate to
contact me immediately should you consider my urgent request.
 Yours Faithfully,
Mr. Clive Buthelezi
nklelectronic@aim.com




-- 
Dear friend I make this appeal with the understanding that any facts or
opinion expressed by me are giving in confidence and solely for your
personal information and use. I am Mr. Clive Buthelezi, the manager of
bill and exchange at the foreign remittance department where I work.

 In my department I discovered an abandoned sum of amount in few millions
in American currency, (US Dollars) with account number 8-32902701722 that
belongs to one of our foreign customers who died along with his wife and
only daughter in a plane crash of Alaska Airlines Flight number 261 which
crashed on 31 January 2000. You shall read more about the crash on
visiting this site http://www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/

 The owner of this account is Mr. Morris Thompson an American and great in
industrialist and a resident of Alaska. It is therefore upon this
discovery that I now decided to make this business proposal to you and for
our bank to release the money to you. You have to follow the
instruction which I will send to you as the next of kin or relation to the
deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for
it and I don't want this money to go into our bank treasury as unclaimed
bill.

The banking law and guidelines here stipulates that if such money remained
unclaimed after Three years, the money will be transferred into the bank
treasury as unclaimed fund.

The money has now stayed more than three years and I am preparing
documentation to prove that this money has been transferred to our bank
treasury. It will be between me and you will know the money was not
transferred into our treasure. The request of foreigner as next of kin in
this transaction is occasioned by the fact that the customer was a
foreigner and only a fellow white can stand as next of kin to him from the
documents presented before us. In appreciation of your assistance, I am
offering you 35% of the total sum. 5% for contingencies (cost of
transfer/other charges) likely to be incurred during the course of
transaction, while the remaining 55% is for me.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of
the application, which you will complete, and forward to our bank asking
for this money to be paid to you as the next of kin to Mr. Morris Thomson.
I will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is
hitch-free and that you should not entertain any fear or anticipate that
you will be sending me any funds, as all required arrangements have been
made for the transfer. You should contact me immediately as soon as you
receive this mail through the above email. PLEASE DO NOT hesitate to
contact me immediately should you consider my urgent request.
 Yours Faithfully,
Mr. Clive Buthelezi
nklelectronic@aim.com




-- 
Dear friend I make this appeal with the understanding that any facts or
opinion expressed by me are giving in confidence and solely for your
personal information and use. I am Mr. Clive Buthelezi, the manager of
bill and exchange at the foreign remittance department where I work.

 In my department I discovered an abandoned sum of amount in few millions
in American currency, (US Dollars) with account number 8-32902701722 that
belongs to one of our foreign customers who died along with his wife and
only daughter in a plane crash of Alaska Airlines Flight number 261 which
crashed on 31 January 2000. You shall read more about the crash on
visiting this site http://www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/

 The owner of this account is Mr. Morris Thompson an American and great in
industrialist and a resident of Alaska. It is therefore upon this
discovery that I now decided to make this business proposal to you and for
our bank to release the money to you. You have to follow the
instruction which I will send to you as the next of kin or relation to the
deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for
it and I don't want this money to go into our bank treasury as unclaimed
bill.

The banking law and guidelines here stipulates that if such money remained
unclaimed after Three years, the money will be transferred into the bank
treasury as unclaimed fund.

The money has now stayed more than three years and I am preparing
documentation to prove that this money has been transferred to our bank
treasury. It will be between me and you will know the money was not
transferred into our treasure. The request of foreigner as next of kin in
this transaction is occasioned by the fact that the customer was a
foreigner and only a fellow white can stand as next of kin to him from the
documents presented before us. In appreciation of your assistance, I am
offering you 35% of the total sum. 5% for contingencies (cost of
transfer/other charges) likely to be incurred during the course of
transaction, while the remaining 55% is for me.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of
the application, which you will complete, and forward to our bank asking
for this money to be paid to you as the next of kin to Mr. Morris Thomson.
I will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is
hitch-free and that you should not entertain any fear or anticipate that
you will be sending me any funds, as all required arrangements have been
made for the transfer. You should contact me immediately as soon as you
receive this mail through the above email. PLEASE DO NOT hesitate to
contact me immediately should you consider my urgent request.
 Yours Faithfully,
Mr. Clive Buthelezi
nklelectronic@aim.com




-- 
Dear friend I make this appeal with the understanding that any facts or
opinion expressed by me are giving in confidence and solely for your
personal information and use. I am Mr. Clive Buthelezi, the manager of
bill and exchange at the foreign remittance department where I work.

 In my department I discovered an abandoned sum of amount in few millions
in American currency, (US Dollars) with account number 8-32902701722 that
belongs to one of our foreign customers who died along with his wife and
only daughter in a plane crash of Alaska Airlines Flight number 261 which
crashed on 31 January 2000. You shall read more about the crash on
visiting this site http://www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/

 The owner of this account is Mr. Morris Thompson an American and great in
industrialist and a resident of Alaska. It is therefore upon this
discovery that I now decided to make this business proposal to you and for
our bank to release the money to you. You have to follow the
instruction which I will send to you as the next of kin or relation to the
deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for
it and I don't want this money to go into our bank treasury as unclaimed
bill.

The banking law and guidelines here stipulates that if such money remained
unclaimed after Three years, the money will be transferred into the bank
treasury as unclaimed fund.

The money has now stayed more than three years and I am preparing
documentation to prove that this money has been transferred to our bank
treasury. It will be between me and you will know the money was not
transferred into our treasure. The request of foreigner as next of kin in
this transaction is occasioned by the fact that the customer was a
foreigner and only a fellow white can stand as next of kin to him from the
documents presented before us. In appreciation of your assistance, I am
offering you 35% of the total sum. 5% for contingencies (cost of
transfer/other charges) likely to be incurred during the course of
transaction, while the remaining 55% is for me.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of
the application, which you will complete, and forward to our bank asking
for this money to be paid to you as the next of kin to Mr. Morris Thomson.
I will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is
hitch-free and that you should not entertain any fear or anticipate that
you will be sending me any funds, as all required arrangements have been
made for the transfer. You should contact me immediately as soon as you
receive this mail through the above email. PLEASE DO NOT hesitate to
contact me immediately should you consider my urgent request.
 Yours Faithfully,
Mr. Clive Buthelezi
nklelectronic@aim.com




-- 
Dear friend I make this appeal with the understanding that any facts or
opinion expressed by me are giving in confidence and solely for your
personal information and use. I am Mr. Clive Buthelezi, the manager of
bill and exchange at the foreign remittance department where I work.

 In my department I discovered an abandoned sum of amount in few millions
in American currency, (US Dollars) with account number 8-32902701722 that
belongs to one of our foreign customers who died along with his wife and
only daughter in a plane crash of Alaska Airlines Flight number 261 which
crashed on 31 January 2000. You shall read more about the crash on
visiting this site http://www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/

 The owner of this account is Mr. Morris Thompson an American and great in
industrialist and a resident of Alaska. It is therefore upon this
discovery that I now decided to make this business proposal to you and for
our bank to release the money to you. You have to follow the
instruction which I will send to you as the next of kin or relation to the
deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for
it and I don't want this money to go into our bank treasury as unclaimed
bill.

The banking law and guidelines here stipulates that if such money remained
unclaimed after Three years, the money will be transferred into the bank
treasury as unclaimed fund.

The money has now stayed more than three years and I am preparing
documentation to prove that this money has been transferred to our bank
treasury. It will be between me and you will know the money was not
transferred into our treasure. The request of foreigner as next of kin in
this transaction is occasioned by the fact that the customer was a
foreigner and only a fellow white can stand as next of kin to him from the
documents presented before us. In appreciation of your assistance, I am
offering you 35% of the total sum. 5% for contingencies (cost of
transfer/other charges) likely to be incurred during the course of
transaction, while the remaining 55% is for me.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of
the application, which you will complete, and forward to our bank asking
for this money to be paid to you as the next of kin to Mr. Morris Thomson.
I will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is
hitch-free and that you should not entertain any fear or anticipate that
you will be sending me any funds, as all required arrangements have been
made for the transfer. You should contact me immediately as soon as you
receive this mail through the above email. PLEASE DO NOT hesitate to
contact me immediately should you consider my urgent request.
 Yours Faithfully,
Mr. Clive Buthelezi
nklelectronic@aim.com




-- 
Dear friend I make this appeal with the understanding that any facts or
opinion expressed by me are giving in confidence and solely for your
personal information and use. I am Mr. Clive Buthelezi, the manager of
bill and exchange at the foreign remittance department where I work.

 In my department I discovered an abandoned sum of amount in few millions
in American currency, (US Dollars) with account number 8-32902701722 that
belongs to one of our foreign customers who died along with his wife and
only daughter in a plane crash of Alaska Airlines Flight number 261 which
crashed on 31 January 2000. You shall read more about the crash on
visiting this site http://www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/

 The owner of this account is Mr. Morris Thompson an American and great in
industrialist and a resident of Alaska. It is therefore upon this
discovery that I now decided to make this business proposal to you and for
our bank to release the money to you. You have to follow the
instruction which I will send to you as the next of kin or relation to the
deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for
it and I don't want this money to go into our bank treasury as unclaimed
bill.

The banking law and guidelines here stipulates that if such money remained
unclaimed after Three years, the money will be transferred into the bank
treasury as unclaimed fund.

The money has now stayed more than three years and I am preparing
documentation to prove that this money has been transferred to our bank
treasury. It will be between me and you will know the money was not
transferred into our treasure. The request of foreigner as next of kin in
this transaction is occasioned by the fact that the customer was a
foreigner and only a fellow white can stand as next of kin to him from the
documents presented before us. In appreciation of your assistance, I am
offering you 35% of the total sum. 5% for contingencies (cost of
transfer/other charges) likely to be incurred during the course of
transaction, while the remaining 55% is for me.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of
the application, which you will complete, and forward to our bank asking
for this money to be paid to you as the next of kin to Mr. Morris Thomson.
I will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is
hitch-free and that you should not entertain any fear or anticipate that
you will be sending me any funds, as all required arrangements have been
made for the transfer. You should contact me immediately as soon as you
receive this mail through the above email. PLEASE DO NOT hesitate to
contact me immediately should you consider my urgent request.
 Yours Faithfully,
Mr. Clive Buthelezi
nklelectronic@aim.com




-- 
Dear friend I make this appeal with the understanding that any facts or
opinion expressed by me are giving in confidence and solely for your
personal information and use. I am Mr. Clive Buthelezi, the manager of
bill and exchange at the foreign remittance department where I work.

 In my department I discovered an abandoned sum of amount in few millions
in American currency, (US Dollars) with account number 8-32902701722 that
belongs to one of our foreign customers who died along with his wife and
only daughter in a plane crash of Alaska Airlines Flight number 261 which
crashed on 31 January 2000. You shall read more about the crash on
visiting this site http://www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/

 The owner of this account is Mr. Morris Thompson an American and great in
industrialist and a resident of Alaska. It is therefore upon this
discovery that I now decided to make this business proposal to you and for
our bank to release the money to you. You have to follow the
instruction which I will send to you as the next of kin or relation to the
deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for
it and I don't want this money to go into our bank treasury as unclaimed
bill.

The banking law and guidelines here stipulates that if such money remained
unclaimed after Three years, the money will be transferred into the bank
treasury as unclaimed fund.

The money has now stayed more than three years and I am preparing
documentation to prove that this money has been transferred to our bank
treasury. It will be between me and you will know the money was not
transferred into our treasure. The request of foreigner as next of kin in
this transaction is occasioned by the fact that the customer was a
foreigner and only a fellow white can stand as next of kin to him from the
documents presented before us. In appreciation of your assistance, I am
offering you 35% of the total sum. 5% for contingencies (cost of
transfer/other charges) likely to be incurred during the course of
transaction, while the remaining 55% is for me.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of
the application, which you will complete, and forward to our bank asking
for this money to be paid to you as the next of kin to Mr. Morris Thomson.
I will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is
hitch-free and that you should not entertain any fear or anticipate that
you will be sending me any funds, as all required arrangements have been
made for the transfer. You should contact me immediately as soon as you
receive this mail through the above email. PLEASE DO NOT hesitate to
contact me immediately should you consider my urgent request.
 Yours Faithfully,
Mr. Clive Buthelezi
nklelectronic@aim.com




-- 
Dear friend I make this appeal with the understanding that any facts or
opinion expressed by me are giving in confidence and solely for your
personal information and use. I am Mr. Clive Buthelezi, the manager of
bill and exchange at the foreign remittance department where I work.

 In my department I discovered an abandoned sum of amount in few millions
in American currency, (US Dollars) with account number 8-32902701722 that
belongs to one of our foreign customers who died along with his wife and
only daughter in a plane crash of Alaska Airlines Flight number 261 which
crashed on 31 January 2000. You shall read more about the crash on
visiting this site http://www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/

 The owner of this account is Mr. Morris Thompson an American and great in
industrialist and a resident of Alaska. It is therefore upon this
discovery that I now decided to make this business proposal to you and for
our bank to release the money to you. You have to follow the
instruction which I will send to you as the next of kin or relation to the
deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for
it and I don't want this money to go into our bank treasury as unclaimed
bill.

The banking law and guidelines here stipulates that if such money remained
unclaimed after Three years, the money will be transferred into the bank
treasury as unclaimed fund.

The money has now stayed more than three years and I am preparing
documentation to prove that this money has been transferred to our bank
treasury. It will be between me and you will know the money was not
transferred into our treasure. The request of foreigner as next of kin in
this transaction is occasioned by the fact that the customer was a
foreigner and only a fellow white can stand as next of kin to him from the
documents presented before us. In appreciation of your assistance, I am
offering you 35% of the total sum. 5% for contingencies (cost of
transfer/other charges) likely to be incurred during the course of
transaction, while the remaining 55% is for me.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of
the application, which you will complete, and forward to our bank asking
for this money to be paid to you as the next of kin to Mr. Morris Thomson.
I will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is
hitch-free and that you should not entertain any fear or anticipate that
you will be sending me any funds, as all required arrangements have been
made for the transfer. You should contact me immediately as soon as you
receive this mail through the above email. PLEASE DO NOT hesitate to
contact me immediately should you consider my urgent request.
 Yours Faithfully,
Mr. Clive Buthelezi
nklelectronic@aim.com




-- 
Dear friend I make this appeal with the understanding that any facts or
opinion expressed by me are giving in confidence and solely for your
personal information and use. I am Mr. Clive Buthelezi, the manager of
bill and exchange at the foreign remittance department where I work.

 In my department I discovered an abandoned sum of amount in few millions
in American currency, (US Dollars) with account number 8-32902701722 that
belongs to one of our foreign customers who died along with his wife and
only daughter in a plane crash of Alaska Airlines Flight number 261 which
crashed on 31 January 2000. You shall read more about the crash on
visiting this site http://www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/

 The owner of this account is Mr. Morris Thompson an American and great in
industrialist and a resident of Alaska. It is therefore upon this
discovery that I now decided to make this business proposal to you and for
our bank to release the money to you. You have to follow the
instruction which I will send to you as the next of kin or relation to the
deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for
it and I don't want this money to go into our bank treasury as unclaimed
bill.

The banking law and guidelines here stipulates that if such money remained
unclaimed after Three years, the money will be transferred into the bank
treasury as unclaimed fund.

The money has now stayed more than three years and I am preparing
documentation to prove that this money has been transferred to our bank
treasury. It will be between me and you will know the money was not
transferred into our treasure. The request of foreigner as next of kin in
this transaction is occasioned by the fact that the customer was a
foreigner and only a fellow white can stand as next of kin to him from the
documents presented before us. In appreciation of your assistance, I am
offering you 35% of the total sum. 5% for contingencies (cost of
transfer/other charges) likely to be incurred during the course of
transaction, while the remaining 55% is for me.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of
the application, which you will complete, and forward to our bank asking
for this money to be paid to you as the next of kin to Mr. Morris Thomson.
I will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is
hitch-free and that you should not entertain any fear or anticipate that
you will be sending me any funds, as all required arrangements have been
made for the transfer. You should contact me immediately as soon as you
receive this mail through the above email. PLEASE DO NOT hesitate to
contact me immediately should you consider my urgent request.
 Yours Faithfully,
Mr. Clive Buthelezi
nklelectronic@aim.com




-- 
Dear friend I make this appeal with the understanding that any facts or
opinion expressed by me are giving in confidence and solely for your
personal information and use. I am Mr. Clive Buthelezi, the manager of
bill and exchange at the foreign remittance department where I work.

 In my department I discovered an abandoned sum of amount in few millions
in American currency, (US Dollars) with account number 8-32902701722 that
belongs to one of our foreign customers who died along with his wife and
only daughter in a plane crash of Alaska Airlines Flight number 261 which
crashed on 31 January 2000. You shall read more about the crash on
visiting this site http://www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/

 The owner of this account is Mr. Morris Thompson an American and great in
industrialist and a resident of Alaska. It is therefore upon this
discovery that I now decided to make this business proposal to you and for
our bank to release the money to you. You have to follow the
instruction which I will send to you as the next of kin or relation to the
deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for
it and I don't want this money to go into our bank treasury as unclaimed
bill.

The banking law and guidelines here stipulates that if such money remained
unclaimed after Three years, the money will be transferred into the bank
treasury as unclaimed fund.

The money has now stayed more than three years and I am preparing
documentation to prove that this money has been transferred to our bank
treasury. It will be between me and you will know the money was not
transferred into our treasure. The request of foreigner as next of kin in
this transaction is occasioned by the fact that the customer was a
foreigner and only a fellow white can stand as next of kin to him from the
documents presented before us. In appreciation of your assistance, I am
offering you 35% of the total sum. 5% for contingencies (cost of
transfer/other charges) likely to be incurred during the course of
transaction, while the remaining 55% is for me.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of
the application, which you will complete, and forward to our bank asking
for this money to be paid to you as the next of kin to Mr. Morris Thomson.
I will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is
hitch-free and that you should not entertain any fear or anticipate that
you will be sending me any funds, as all required arrangements have been
made for the transfer. You should contact me immediately as soon as you
receive this mail through the above email. PLEASE DO NOT hesitate to
contact me immediately should you consider my urgent request.
 Yours Faithfully,
Mr



-- 
Dear friend I make this appeal with the understanding that any facts or
opinion expressed by me are giving in confidence and solely for your
personal information and use. I am Mr. Clive Buthelezi, the manager of
bill and exchange at the foreign remittance department where I work.

 In my department I discovered an abandoned sum of amount in few millions
in American currency, (US Dollars) with account number 8-32902701722 that
belongs to one of our foreign customers who died along with his wife and
only daughter in a plane crash of Alaska Airlines Flight number 261 which
crashed on 31 January 2000. You shall read more about the crash on
visiting this site http://www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/

 The owner of this account is Mr. Morris Thompson an American and great in
industrialist and a resident of Alaska. It is therefore upon this
discovery that I now decided to make this business proposal to you and for
our bank to release the money to you. You have to follow the
instruction which I will send to you as the next of kin or relation to the
deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for
it and I don't want this money to go into our bank treasury as unclaimed
bill.

The banking law and guidelines here stipulates that if such money remained
unclaimed after Three years, the money will be transferred into the bank
treasury as unclaimed fund.

The money has now stayed more than three years and I am preparing
documentation to prove that this money has been transferred to our bank
treasury. It will be between me and you will know the money was not
transferred into our treasure. The request of foreigner as next of kin in
this transaction is occasioned by the fact that the customer was a
foreigner and only a fellow white can stand as next of kin to him from the
documents presented before us. In appreciation of your assistance, I am
offering you 35% of the total sum. 5% for contingencies (cost of
transfer/other charges) likely to be incurred during the course of
transaction, while the remaining 55% is for me.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of
the application, which you will complete, and forward to our bank asking
for this money to be paid to you as the next of kin to Mr. Morris Thomson.
I will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is
hitch-free and that you should not entertain any fear or anticipate that
you will be sending me any funds, as all required arrangements have been
made for the transfer. You should contact me immediately as soon as you
receive this mail through the above email. PLEASE DO NOT hesitate to
contact me immediately should you consider my urgent request.
 Yours Faithfully,
Mr. Clive Buthelezi
nklelectronic@aim.com




-- 
Dear friend I make this appeal with the understanding that any facts or
opinion expressed by me are giving in confidence and solely for your
personal information and use. I am Mr. Clive Buthelezi, the manager of
bill and exchange at the foreign remittance department where I work.

 In my department I discovered an abandoned sum of amount in few millions
in American currency, (US Dollars) with account number 8-32902701722 that
belongs to one of our foreign customers who died along with his wife and
only daughter in a plane crash of Alaska Airlines Flight number 261 which
crashed on 31 January 2000. You shall read more about the crash on
visiting this site http://www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/

 The owner of this account is Mr. Morris Thompson an American and great in
industrialist and a resident of Alaska. It is therefore upon this
discovery that I now decided to make this business proposal to you and for
our bank to release the money to you. You have to follow the
instruction which I will send to you as the next of kin or relation to the
deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for
it and I don't want this money to go into our bank treasury as unclaimed
bill.

The banking law and guidelines here stipulates that if such money remained
unclaimed after Three years, the money will be transferred into the bank
treasury as unclaimed fund.

The money has now stayed more than three years and I am preparing
documentation to prove that this money has been transferred to our bank
treasury. It will be between me and you will know the money was not
transferred into our treasure. The request of foreigner as next of kin in
this transaction is occasioned by the fact that the customer was a
foreigner and only a fellow white can stand as next of kin to him from the
documents presented before us. In appreciation of your assistance, I am
offering you 35% of the total sum. 5% for contingencies (cost of
transfer/other charges) likely to be incurred during the course of
transaction, while the remaining 55% is for me.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of
the application, which you will complete, and forward to our bank asking
for this money to be paid to you as the next of kin to Mr. Morris Thomson.
I will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is
hitch-free and that you should not entertain any fear or anticipate that
you will be sending me any funds, as all required arrangements have been
made for the transfer. You should contact me immediately as soon as you
receive this mail through the above email. PLEASE DO NOT hesitate to
contact me immediately should you consider my urgent request.
 Yours Faithfully,
Mr. Clive Buthelezi
nklelectronic@aim.com




-- 
Dear friend I make this appeal with the understanding that any facts or
opinion expressed by me are giving in confidence and solely for your
personal information and use. I am Mr. Clive Buthelezi, the manager of
bill and exchange at the foreign remittance department where I work.

 In my department I discovered an abandoned sum of amount in few millions
in American currency, (US Dollars) with account number 8-32902701722 that
belongs to one of our foreign customers who died along with his wife and
only daughter in a plane crash of Alaska Airlines Flight number 261 which
crashed on 31 January 2000. You shall read more about the crash on
visiting this site http://www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/

 The owner of this account is Mr. Morris Thompson an American and great in
industrialist and a resident of Alaska. It is therefore upon this
discovery that I now decided to make this business proposal to you and for
our bank to release the money to you. You have to follow the
instruction which I will send to you as the next of kin or relation to the
deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for
it and I don't want this money to go into our bank treasury as unclaimed
bill.

The banking law and guidelines here stipulates that if such money remained
unclaimed after Three years, the money will be transferred into the bank
treasury as unclaimed fund.

The money has now stayed more than three years and I am preparing
documentation to prove that this money has been transferred to our bank
treasury. It will be between me and you will know the money was not
transferred into our treasure. The request of foreigner as next of kin in
this transaction is occasioned by the fact that the customer was a
foreigner and only a fellow white can stand as next of kin to him from the
documents presented before us. In appreciation of your assistance, I am
offering you 35% of the total sum. 5% for contingencies (cost of
transfer/other charges) likely to be incurred during the course of
transaction, while the remaining 55% is for me.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of
the application, which you will complete, and forward to our bank asking
for this money to be paid to you as the next of kin to Mr. Morris Thomson.
I will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is
hitch-free and that you should not entertain any fear or anticipate that
you will be sending me any funds, as all required arrangements have been
made for the transfer. You should contact me immediately as soon as you
receive this mail through the above email. PLEASE DO NOT hesitate to
contact me immediately should you consider my urgent request.
 Yours Faithfully,
Mr. Clive Buthelezi
nklelectronic@aim.com




-- 
Dear friend I make this appeal with the understanding that any facts or
opinion expressed by me are giving in confidence and solely for your
personal information and use. I am Mr. Clive Buthelezi, the manager of
bill and exchange at the foreign remittance department where I work.

 In my department I discovered an abandoned sum of amount in few millions
in American currency, (US Dollars) with account number 8-32902701722 that
belongs to one of our foreign customers who died along with his wife and
only daughter in a plane crash of Alaska Airlines Flight number 261 which
crashed on 31 January 2000. You shall read more about the crash on
visiting this site http://www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/

 The owner of this account is Mr. Morris Thompson an American and great in
industrialist and a resident of Alaska. It is therefore upon this
discovery that I now decided to make this business proposal to you and for
our bank to release the money to you. You have to follow the
instruction which I will send to you as the next of kin or relation to the
deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for
it and I don't want this money to go into our bank treasury as unclaimed
bill.

The banking law and guidelines here stipulates that if such money remained
unclaimed after Three years, the money will be transferred into the bank
treasury as unclaimed fund.

The money has now stayed more than three years and I am preparing
documentation to prove that this money has been transferred to our bank
treasury. It will be between me and you will know the money was not
transferred into our treasure. The request of foreigner as next of kin in
this transaction is occasioned by the fact that the customer was a
foreigner and only a fellow white can stand as next of kin to him from the
documents presented before us. In appreciation of your assistance, I am
offering you 35% of the total sum. 5% for contingencies (cost of
transfer/other charges) likely to be incurred during the course of
transaction, while the remaining 55% is for me.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of
the application, which you will complete, and forward to our bank asking
for this money to be paid to you as the next of kin to Mr. Morris Thomson.
I will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is
hitch-free and that you should not entertain any fear or anticipate that
you will be sending me any funds, as all required arrangements have been
made for the transfer. You should contact me immediately as soon as you
receive this mail through the above email. PLEASE DO NOT hesitate to
contact me immediately should you consider my urgent request.
 Yours Faithfully,
Mr. Clive Buthelezi
nklelectronic@aim.com




-- 
Dear friend I make this appeal with the understanding that any facts or
opinion expressed by me are giving in confidence and solely for your
personal information and use. I am Mr. Clive Buthelezi, the manager of
bill and exchange at the foreign remittance department where I work.

 In my department I discovered an abandoned sum of amount in few millions
in American currency, (US Dollars) with account number 8-32902701722 that
belongs to one of our foreign customers who died along with his wife and
only daughter in a plane crash of Alaska Airlines Flight number 261 which
crashed on 31 January 2000. You shall read more about the crash on
visiting this site http://www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/

 The owner of this account is Mr. Morris Thompson an American and great in
industrialist and a resident of Alaska. It is therefore upon this
discovery that I now decided to make this business proposal to you and for
our bank to release the money to you. You have to follow the
instruction which I will send to you as the next of kin or relation to the
deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for
it and I don't want this money to go into our bank treasury as unclaimed
bill.

The banking law and guidelines here stipulates that if such money remained
unclaimed after Three years, the money will be transferred into the bank
treasury as unclaimed fund.

The money has now stayed more than three years and I am preparing
documentation to prove that this money has been transferred to our bank
treasury. It will be between me and you will know the money was not
transferred into our treasure. The request of foreigner as next of kin in
this transaction is occasioned by the fact that the customer was a
foreigner and only a fellow white can stand as next of kin to him from the
documents presented before us. In appreciation of your assistance, I am
offering you 35% of the total sum. 5% for contingencies (cost of
transfer/other charges) likely to be incurred during the course of
transaction, while the remaining 55% is for me.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of
the application, which you will complete, and forward to our bank asking
for this money to be paid to you as the next of kin to Mr. Morris Thomson.
I will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is
hitch-free and that you should not entertain any fear or anticipate that
you will be sending me any funds, as all required arrangements have been
made for the transfer. You should contact me immediately as soon as you
receive this mail through the above email. PLEASE DO NOT hesitate to
contact me immediately should you consider my urgent request.
 Yours Faithfully,
Mr. Clive Buthelezi
nklelectronic@aim.com




-- 
Dear friend I make this appeal with the understanding that any facts or
opinion expressed by me are giving in confidence and solely for your
personal information and use. I am Mr. Clive Buthelezi, the manager of
bill and exchange at the foreign remittance department where I work.

 In my department I discovered an abandoned sum of amount in few millions
in American currency, (US Dollars) with account number 8-32902701722 that
belongs to one of our foreign customers who died along with his wife and
only daughter in a plane crash of Alaska Airlines Flight number 261 which
crashed on 31 January 2000. You shall read more about the crash on
visiting this site http://www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/

 The owner of this account is Mr. Morris Thompson an American and great in
industrialist and a resident of Alaska. It is therefore upon this
discovery that I now decided to make this business proposal to you and for
our bank to release the money to you. You have to follow the
instruction which I will send to you as the next of kin or relation to the
deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for
it and I don't want this money to go into our bank treasury as unclaimed
bill.

The banking law and guidelines here stipulates that if such money remained
unclaimed after Three years, the money will be transferred into the bank
treasury as unclaimed fund.

The money has now stayed more than three years and I am preparing
documentation to prove that this money has been transferred to our bank
treasury. It will be between me and you will know the money was not
transferred into our treasure. The request of foreigner as next of kin in
this transaction is occasioned by the fact that the customer was a
foreigner and only a fellow white can stand as next of kin to him from the
documents presented before us. In appreciation of your assistance, I am
offering you 35% of the total sum. 5% for contingencies (cost of
transfer/other charges) likely to be incurred during the course of
transaction, while the remaining 55% is for me.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of
the application, which you will complete, and forward to our bank asking
for this money to be paid to you as the next of kin to Mr. Morris Thomson.
I will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is
hitch-free and that you should not entertain any fear or anticipate that
you will be sending me any funds, as all required arrangements have been
made for the transfer. You should contact me immediately as soon as you
receive this mail through the above email. PLEASE DO NOT hesitate to
contact me immediately should you consider my urgent request.
 Yours Faithfully,
Mr. Clive Buthelezi
nklelectronic@aim.com




-- 
Dear friend I make this appeal with the understanding that any facts or
opinion expressed by me are giving in confidence and solely for your
personal information and use. I am Mr. Clive Buthelezi, the manager of
bill and exchange at the foreign remittance department where I work.

 In my department I discovered an abandoned sum of amount in few millions
in American currency, (US Dollars) with account number 8-32902701722 that
belongs to one of our foreign customers who died along with his wife and
only daughter in a plane crash of Alaska Airlines Flight number 261 which
crashed on 31 January 2000. You shall read more about the crash on
visiting this site http://www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/

 The owner of this account is Mr. Morris Thompson an American and great in
industrialist and a resident of Alaska. It is therefore upon this
discovery that I now decided to make this business proposal to you and for
our bank to release the money to you. You have to follow the
instruction which I will send to you as the next of kin or relation to the
deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for
it and I don't want this money to go into our bank treasury as unclaimed
bill.

The banking law and guidelines here stipulates that if such money remained
unclaimed after Three years, the money will be transferred into the bank
treasury as unclaimed fund.

The money has now stayed more than three years and I am preparing
documentation to prove that this money has been transferred to our bank
treasury. It will be between me and you will know the money was not
transferred into our treasure. The request of foreigner as next of kin in
this transaction is occasioned by the fact that the customer was a
foreigner and only a fellow white can stand as next of kin to him from the
documents presented before us. In appreciation of your assistance, I am
offering you 35% of the total sum. 5% for contingencies (cost of
transfer/other charges) likely to be incurred during the course of
transaction, while the remaining 55% is for me.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of
the application, which you will complete, and forward to our bank asking
for this money to be paid to you as the next of kin to Mr. Morris Thomson.
I will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is
hitch-free and that you should not entertain any fear or anticipate that
you will be sending me any funds, as all required arrangements have been
made for the transfer. You should contact me immediately as soon as you
receive this mail through the above email. PLEASE DO NOT hesitate to
contact me immediately should you consider my urgent request.
 Yours Faithfully,
Mr. Clive Buthelezi
nklelectronic@aim.com




-- 
Dear friend I make this appeal with the understanding that any facts or
opinion expressed by me are giving in confidence and solely for your
personal information and use. I am Mr. Clive Buthelezi, the manager of
bill and exchange at the foreign remittance department where I work.

 In my department I discovered an abandoned sum of amount in few millions
in American currency, (US Dollars) with account number 8-32902701722 that
belongs to one of our foreign customers who died along with his wife and
only daughter in a plane crash of Alaska Airlines Flight number 261 which
crashed on 31 January 2000. You shall read more about the crash on
visiting this site http://www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/

 The owner of this account is Mr. Morris Thompson an American and great in
industrialist and a resident of Alaska. It is therefore upon this
discovery that I now decided to make this business proposal to you and for
our bank to release the money to you. You have to follow the
instruction which I will send to you as the next of kin or relation to the
deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for
it and I don't want this money to go into our bank treasury as unclaimed
bill.

The banking law and guidelines here stipulates that if such money remained
unclaimed after Three years, the money will be transferred into the bank
treasury as unclaimed fund.

The money has now stayed more than three years and I am preparing
documentation to prove that this money has been transferred to our bank
treasury. It will be between me and you will know the money was not
transferred into our treasure. The request of foreigner as next of kin in
this transaction is occasioned by the fact that the customer was a
foreigner and only a fellow white can stand as next of kin to him from the
documents presented before us. In appreciation of your assistance, I am
offering you 35% of the total sum. 5% for contingencies (cost of
transfer/other charges) likely to be incurred during the course of
transaction, while the remaining 55% is for me.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of
the application, which you will complete, and forward to our bank asking
for this money to be paid to you as the next of kin to Mr. Morris Thomson.
I will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is
hitch-free and that you should not entertain any fear or anticipate that
you will be sending me any funds, as all required arrangements have been
made for the transfer. You should contact me immediately as soon as you
receive this mail through the above email. PLEASE DO NOT hesitate to
contact me immediately should you consider my urgent request.
 Yours Faithfully,
Mr. Clive Buthelezi
nklelectronic@aim.com




-- 
Dear friend I make this appeal with the understanding that any facts or
opinion expressed by me are giving in confidence and solely for your
personal information and use. I am Mr. Clive Buthelezi, the manager of
bill and exchange at the foreign remittance department where I work.

 In my department I discovered an abandoned sum of amount in few millions
in American currency, (US Dollars) with account number 8-32902701722 that
belongs to one of our foreign customers who died along with his wife and
only daughter in a plane crash of Alaska Airlines Flight number 261 which
crashed on 31 January 2000. You shall read more about the crash on
visiting this site http://www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/

 The owner of this account is Mr. Morris Thompson an American and great in
industrialist and a resident of Alaska. It is therefore upon this
discovery that I now decided to make this business proposal to you and for
our bank to release the money to you. You have to follow the
instruction which I will send to you as the next of kin or relation to the
deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for
it and I don't want this money to go into our bank treasury as unclaimed
bill.

The banking law and guidelines here stipulates that if such money remained
unclaimed after Three years, the money will be transferred into the bank
treasury as unclaimed fund.

The money has now stayed more than three years and I am preparing
documentation to prove that this money has been transferred to our bank
treasury. It will be between me and you will know the money was not
transferred into our treasure. The request of foreigner as next of kin in
this transaction is occasioned by the fact that the customer was a
foreigner and only a fellow white can stand as next of kin to him from the
documents presented before us. In appreciation of your assistance, I am
offering you 35% of the total sum. 5% for contingencies (cost of
transfer/other charges) likely to be incurred during the course of
transaction, while the remaining 55% is for me.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of
the application, which you will complete, and forward to our bank asking
for this money to be paid to you as the next of kin to Mr. Morris Thomson.
I will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is
hitch-free and that you should not entertain any fear or anticipate that
you will be sending me any funds, as all required arrangements have been
made for the transfer. You should contact me immediately as soon as you
receive this mail through the above email. PLEASE DO NOT hesitate to
contact me immediately should you consider my urgent request.
 Yours Faithfully,
Mr. Clive Buthelezi
nklelectronic@aim.com




-- 
Dear friend I make this appeal with the understanding that any facts or
opinion expressed by me are giving in confidence and solely for your
personal information and use. I am Mr. Clive Buthelezi, the manager of
bill and exchange at the foreign remittance department where I work.

 In my department I discovered an abandoned sum of amount in few millions
in American currency, (US Dollars) with account number 8-32902701722 that
belongs to one of our foreign customers who died along with his wife and
only daughter in a plane crash of Alaska Airlines Flight number 261 which
crashed on 31 January 2000. You shall read more about the crash on
visiting this site http://www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/

 The owner of this account is Mr. Morris Thompson an American and great in
industrialist and a resident of Alaska. It is therefore upon this
discovery that I now decided to make this business proposal to you and for
our bank to release the money to you. You have to follow the
instruction which I will send to you as the next of kin or relation to the
deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for
it and I don't want this money to go into our bank treasury as unclaimed
bill.

The banking law and guidelines here stipulates that if such money remained
unclaimed after Three years, the money will be transferred into the bank
treasury as unclaimed fund.

The money has now stayed more than three years and I am preparing
documentation to prove that this money has been transferred to our bank
treasury. It will be between me and you will know the money was not
transferred into our treasure. The request of foreigner as next of kin in
this transaction is occasioned by the fact that the customer was a
foreigner and only a fellow white can stand as next of kin to him from the
documents presented before us. In appreciation of your assistance, I am
offering you 35% of the total sum. 5% for contingencies (cost of
transfer/other charges) likely to be incurred during the course of
transaction, while the remaining 55% is for me.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of
the application, which you will complete, and forward to our bank asking
for this money to be paid to you as the next of kin to Mr. Morris Thomson.
I will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is
hitch-free and that you should not entertain any fear or anticipate that
you will be sending me any funds, as all required arrangements have been
made for the transfer. You should contact me immediately as soon as you
receive this mail through the above email. PLEASE DO NOT hesitate to
contact me immediately should you consider my urgent request.
 Yours Faithfully,
Mr. Clive Buthelezi
nklelectronic@aim.com




-- 
Dear friend I make this appeal with the understanding that any facts or
opinion expressed by me are giving in confidence and solely for your
personal information and use. I am Mr. Clive Buthelezi, the manager of
bill and exchange at the foreign remittance department where I work.

 In my department I discovered an abandoned sum of amount in few millions
in American currency, (US Dollars) with account number 8-32902701722 that
belongs to one of our foreign customers who died along with his wife and
only daughter in a plane crash of Alaska Airlines Flight number 261 which
crashed on 31 January 2000. You shall read more about the crash on
visiting this site http://www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/

 The owner of this account is Mr. Morris Thompson an American and great in
industrialist and a resident of Alaska. It is therefore upon this
discovery that I now decided to make this business proposal to you and for
our bank to release the money to you. You have to follow the
instruction which I will send to you as the next of kin or relation to the
deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for
it and I don't want this money to go into our bank treasury as unclaimed
bill.

The banking law and guidelines here stipulates that if such money remained
unclaimed after Three years, the money will be transferred into the bank
treasury as unclaimed fund.

The money has now stayed more than three years and I am preparing
documentation to prove that this money has been transferred to our bank
treasury. It will be between me and you will know the money was not
transferred into our treasure. The request of foreigner as next of kin in
this transaction is occasioned by the fact that the customer was a
foreigner and only a fellow white can stand as next of kin to him from the
documents presented before us. In appreciation of your assistance, I am
offering you 35% of the total sum. 5% for contingencies (cost of
transfer/other charges) likely to be incurred during the course of
transaction, while the remaining 55% is for me.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of
the application, which you will complete, and forward to our bank asking
for this money to be paid to you as the next of kin to Mr. Morris Thomson.
I will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is
hitch-free and that you should not entertain any fear or anticipate that
you will be sending me any funds, as all required arrangements have been
made for the transfer. You should contact me immediately as soon as you
receive this mail through the above email. PLEASE DO NOT hesitate to
contact me immediately should you consider my urgent request.
 Yours Faithfully,
Mr. Clive Buthelezi
nklelectronic@aim.com




-- 
Dear friend I make this appeal with the understanding that any facts or
opinion expressed by me are giving in confidence and solely for your
personal information and use. I am Mr. Clive Buthelezi, the manager of
bill and exchange at the foreign remittance department where I work.

 In my department I discovered an abandoned sum of amount in few millions
in American currency, (US Dollars) with account number 8-32902701722 that
belongs to one of our foreign customers who died along with his wife and
only daughter in a plane crash of Alaska Airlines Flight number 261 which
crashed on 31 January 2000. You shall read more about the crash on
visiting this site http://www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/

 The owner of this account is Mr. Morris Thompson an American and great in
industrialist and a resident of Alaska. It is therefore upon this
discovery that I now decided to make this business proposal to you and for
our bank to release the money to you. You have to follow the
instruction which I will send to you as the next of kin or relation to the
deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for
it and I don't want this money to go into our bank treasury as unclaimed
bill.

The banking law and guidelines here stipulates that if such money remained
unclaimed after Three years, the money will be transferred into the bank
treasury as unclaimed fund.

The money has now stayed more than three years and I am preparing
documentation to prove that this money has been transferred to our bank
treasury. It will be between me and you will know the money was not
transferred into our treasure. The request of foreigner as next of kin in
this transaction is occasioned by the fact that the customer was a
foreigner and only a fellow white can stand as next of kin to him from the
documents presented before us. In appreciation of your assistance, I am
offering you 35% of the total sum. 5% for contingencies (cost of
transfer/other charges) likely to be incurred during the course of
transaction, while the remaining 55% is for me.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of
the application, which you will complete, and forward to our bank asking
for this money to be paid to you as the next of kin to Mr. Morris Thomson.
I will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is
hitch-free and that you should not entertain any fear or anticipate that
you will be sending me any funds, as all required arrangements have been
made for the transfer. You should contact me immediately as soon as you
receive this mail through the above email. PLEASE DO NOT hesitate to
contact me immediately should you consider my urgent request.
 Yours Faithfully,
Mr. Clive Buthelezi
nklelectronic@aim.com




-- 
Dear friend I make this appeal with the understanding that any facts or
opinion expressed by me are giving in confidence and solely for your
personal information and use. I am Mr. Clive Buthelezi, the manager of
bill and exchange at the foreign remittance department where I work.

 In my department I discovered an abandoned sum of amount in few millions
in American currency, (US Dollars) with account number 8-32902701722 that
belongs to one of our foreign customers who died along with his wife and
only daughter in a plane crash of Alaska Airlines Flight number 261 which
crashed on 31 January 2000. You shall read more about the crash on
visiting this site http://www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/

 The owner of this account is Mr. Morris Thompson an American and great in
industrialist and a resident of Alaska. It is therefore upon this
discovery that I now decided to make this business proposal to you and for
our bank to release the money to you. You have to follow the
instruction which I will send to you as the next of kin or relation to the
deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for
it and I don't want this money to go into our bank treasury as unclaimed
bill.

The banking law and guidelines here stipulates that if such money remained
unclaimed after Three years, the money will be transferred into the bank
treasury as unclaimed fund.

The money has now stayed more than three years and I am preparing
documentation to prove that this money has been transferred to our bank
treasury. It will be between me and you will know the money was not
transferred into our treasure. The request of foreigner as next of kin in
this transaction is occasioned by the fact that the customer was a
foreigner and only a fellow white can stand as next of kin to him from the
documents presented before us. In appreciation of your assistance, I am
offering you 35% of the total sum. 5% for contingencies (cost of
transfer/other charges) likely to be incurred during the course of
transaction, while the remaining 55% is for me.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of
the application, which you will complete, and forward to our bank asking
for this money to be paid to you as the next of kin to Mr. Morris Thomson.
I will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is
hitch-free and that you should not entertain any fear or anticipate that
you will be sending me any funds, as all required arrangements have been
made for the transfer. You should contact me immediately as soon as you
receive this mail through the above email. PLEASE DO NOT hesitate to
contact me immediately should you consider my urgent request.
 Yours Faithfully,
Mr. Clive Buthelezi
nklelectronic@aim.com




-- 
Dear friend I make this appeal with the understanding that any facts or
opinion expressed by me are giving in confidence and solely for your
personal information and use. I am Mr. Clive Buthelezi, the manager of
bill and exchange at the foreign remittance department where I work.

 In my department I discovered an abandoned sum of amount in few millions
in American currency, (US Dollars) with account number 8-32902701722 that
belongs to one of our foreign customers who died along with his wife and
only daughter in a plane crash of Alaska Airlines Flight number 261 which
crashed on 31 January 2000. You shall read more about the crash on
visiting this site http://www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/

 The owner of this account is Mr. Morris Thompson an American and great in
industrialist and a resident of Alaska. It is therefore upon this
discovery that I now decided to make this business proposal to you and for
our bank to release the money to you. You have to follow the
instruction which I will send to you as the next of kin or relation to the
deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for
it and I don't want this money to go into our bank treasury as unclaimed
bill.

The banking law and guidelines here stipulates that if such money remained
unclaimed after Three years, the money will be transferred into the bank
treasury as unclaimed fund.

The money has now stayed more than three years and I am preparing
documentation to prove that this money has been transferred to our bank
treasury. It will be between me and you will know the money was not
transferred into our treasure. The request of foreigner as next of kin in
this transaction is occasioned by the fact that the customer was a
foreigner and only a fellow white can stand as next of kin to him from the
documents presented before us. In appreciation of your assistance, I am
offering you 35% of the total sum. 5% for contingencies (cost of
transfer/other charges) likely to be incurred during the course of
transaction, while the remaining 55% is for me.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of
the application, which you will complete, and forward to our bank asking
for this money to be paid to you as the next of kin to Mr. Morris Thomson.
I will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is
hitch-free and that you should not entertain any fear or anticipate that
you will be sending me any funds, as all required arrangements have been
made for the transfer. You should contact me immediately as soon as you
receive this mail through the above email. PLEASE DO NOT hesitate to
contact me immediately should you consider my urgent request.
 Yours Faithfully,
Mr. Clive Buthelezi
nklelectronic@aim.com




-- 
Dear friend I make this appeal with the understanding that any facts or
opinion expressed by me are giving in confidence and solely for your
personal information and use. I am Mr. Clive Buthelezi, the manager of
bill and exchange at the foreign remittance department where I work.

 In my department I discovered an abandoned sum of amount in few millions
in American currency, (US Dollars) with account number 8-32902701722 that
belongs to one of our foreign customers who died along with his wife and
only daughter in a plane crash of Alaska Airlines Flight number 261 which
crashed on 31 January 2000. You shall read more about the crash on
visiting this site http://www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/

 The owner of this account is Mr. Morris Thompson an American and great in
industrialist and a resident of Alaska. It is therefore upon this
discovery that I now decided to make this business proposal to you and for
our bank to release the money to you. You have to follow the
instruction which I will send to you as the next of kin or relation to the
deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for
it and I don't want this money to go into our bank treasury as unclaimed
bill.

The banking law and guidelines here stipulates that if such money remained
unclaimed after Three years, the money will be transferred into the bank
treasury as unclaimed fund.

The money has now stayed more than three years and I am preparing
documentation to prove that this money has been transferred to our bank
treasury. It will be between me and you will know the money was not
transferred into our treasure. The request of foreigner as next of kin in
this transaction is occasioned by the fact that the customer was a
foreigner and only a fellow white can stand as next of kin to him from the
documents presented before us. In appreciation of your assistance, I am
offering you 35% of the total sum. 5% for contingencies (cost of
transfer/other charges) likely to be incurred during the course of
transaction, while the remaining 55% is for me.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of
the application, which you will complete, and forward to our bank asking
for this money to be paid to you as the next of kin to Mr. Morris Thomson.
I will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is
hitch-free and that you should not entertain any fear or anticipate that
you will be sending me any funds, as all required arrangements have been
made for the transfer. You should contact me immediately as soon as you
receive this mail through the above email. PLEASE DO NOT hesitate to
contact me immediately should you consider my urgent request.
 Yours Faithfully,
Mr. Clive Buthelezi
nklelectronic@aim.com




-- 
Dear friend I make this appeal with the understanding that any facts or
opinion expressed by me are giving in confidence and solely for your
personal information and use. I am Mr. Clive Buthelezi, the manager of
bill and exchange at the foreign remittance department where I work.

 In my department I discovered an abandoned sum of amount in few millions
in American currency, (US Dollars) with account number 8-32902701722 that
belongs to one of our foreign customers who died along with his wife and
only daughter in a plane crash of Alaska Airlines Flight number 261 which
crashed on 31 January 2000. You shall read more about the crash on
visiting this site http://www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/

 The owner of this account is Mr. Morris Thompson an American and great in
industrialist and a resident of Alaska. It is therefore upon this
discovery that I now decided to make this business proposal to you and for
our bank to release the money to you. You have to follow the
instruction which I will send to you as the next of kin or relation to the
deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for
it and I don't want this money to go into our bank treasury as unclaimed
bill.

The banking law and guidelines here stipulates that if such money remained
unclaimed after Three years, the money will be transferred into the bank
treasury as unclaimed fund.

The money has now stayed more than three years and I am preparing
documentation to prove that this money has been transferred to our bank
treasury. It will be between me and you will know the money was not
transferred into our treasure. The request of foreigner as next of kin in
this transaction is occasioned by the fact that the customer was a
foreigner and only a fellow white can stand as next of kin to him from the
documents presented before us. In appreciation of your assistance, I am
offering you 35% of the total sum. 5% for contingencies (cost of
transfer/other charges) likely to be incurred during the course of
transaction, while the remaining 55% is for me.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of
the application, which you will complete, and forward to our bank asking
for this money to be paid to you as the next of kin to Mr. Morris Thomson.
I will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is
hitch-free and that you should not entertain any fear or anticipate that
you will be sending me any funds, as all required arrangements have been
made for the transfer. You should contact me immediately as soon as you
receive this mail through the above email. PLEASE DO NOT hesitate to
contact me immediately should you consider my urgent request.
 Yours Faithfully,
Mr. Clive Buthelezi
nklelectronic@aim.com




-- 
Dear friend I make this appeal with the understanding that any facts or
opinion expressed by me are giving in confidence and solely for your
personal information and use. I am Mr. Clive Buthelezi, the manager of
bill and exchange at the foreign remittance department where I work.

 In my department I discovered an abandoned sum of amount in few millions
in American currency, (US Dollars) with account number 8-32902701722 that
belongs to one of our foreign customers who died along with his wife and
only daughter in a plane crash of Alaska Airlines Flight number 261 which
crashed on 31 January 2000. You shall read more about the crash on
visiting this site http://www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/

 The owner of this account is Mr. Morris Thompson an American and great in
industrialist and a resident of Alaska. It is therefore upon this
discovery that I now decided to make this business proposal to you and for
our bank to release the money to you. You have to follow the
instruction which I will send to you as the next of kin or relation to the
deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for
it and I don't want this money to go into our bank treasury as unclaimed
bill.

The banking law and guidelines here stipulates that if such money remained
unclaimed after Three years, the money will be transferred into the bank
treasury as unclaimed fund.

The money has now stayed more than three years and I am preparing
documentation to prove that this money has been transferred to our bank
treasury. It will be between me and you will know the money was not
transferred into our treasure. The request of foreigner as next of kin in
this transaction is occasioned by the fact that the customer was a
foreigner and only a fellow white can stand as next of kin to him from the
documents presented before us. In appreciation of your assistance, I am
offering you 35% of the total sum. 5% for contingencies (cost of
transfer/other charges) likely to be incurred during the course of
transaction, while the remaining 55% is for me.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of
the application, which you will complete, and forward to our bank asking
for this money to be paid to you as the next of kin to Mr. Morris Thomson.
I will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is
hitch-free and that you should not entertain any fear or anticipate that
you will be sending me any funds, as all required arrangements have been
made for the transfer. You should contact me immediately as soon as you
receive this mail through the above email. PLEASE DO NOT hesitate to
contact me immediately should you consider my urgent request.
 Yours Faithfully,
Mr. Clive Buthelezi
nklelectronic@aim.com




-- 
Dear friend I make this appeal with the understanding that any facts or
opinion expressed by me are giving in confidence and solely for your
personal information and use. I am Mr. Clive Buthelezi, the manager of
bill and exchange at the foreign remittance department where I work.

 In my department I discovered an abandoned sum of amount in few millions
in American currency, (US Dollars) with account number 8-32902701722 that
belongs to one of our foreign customers who died along with his wife and
only daughter in a plane crash of Alaska Airlines Flight number 261 which
crashed on 31 January 2000. You shall read more about the crash on
visiting this site http://www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/

 The owner of this account is Mr. Morris Thompson an American and great in
industrialist and a resident of Alaska. It is therefore upon this
discovery that I now decided to make this business proposal to you and for
our bank to release the money to you. You have to follow the
instruction which I will send to you as the next of kin or relation to the
deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for
it and I don't want this money to go into our bank treasury as unclaimed
bill.

The banking law and guidelines here stipulates that if such money remained
unclaimed after Three years, the money will be transferred into the bank
treasury as unclaimed fund.

The money has now stayed more than three years and I am preparing
documentation to prove that this money has been transferred to our bank
treasury. It will be between me and you will know the money was not
transferred into our treasure. The request of foreigner as next of kin in
this transaction is occasioned by the fact that the customer was a
foreigner and only a fellow white can stand as next of kin to him from the
documents presented before us. In appreciation of your assistance, I am
offering you 35% of the total sum. 5% for contingencies (cost of
transfer/other charges) likely to be incurred during the course of
transaction, while the remaining 55% is for me.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of
the application, which you will complete, and forward to our bank asking
for this money to be paid to you as the next of kin to Mr. Morris Thomson.
I will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is
hitch-free and that you should not entertain any fear or anticipate that
you will be sending me any funds, as all required arrangements have been
made for the transfer. You should contact me immediately as soon as you
receive this mail through the above email. PLEASE DO NOT hesitate to
contact me immediately should you consider my urgent request.
 Yours Faithfully,
Mr. Clive Buthelezi
nklelectronic@aim.com




-- 
Dear friend I make this appeal with the understanding that any facts or
opinion expressed by me are giving in confidence and solely for your
personal information and use. I am Mr. Clive Buthelezi, the manager of
bill and exchange at the foreign remittance department where I work.

 In my department I discovered an abandoned sum of amount in few millions
in American currency, (US Dollars) with account number 8-32902701722 that
belongs to one of our foreign customers who died along with his wife and
only daughter in a plane crash of Alaska Airlines Flight number 261 which
crashed on 31 January 2000. You shall read more about the crash on
visiting this site http://www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/

 The owner of this account is Mr. Morris Thompson an American and great in
industrialist and a resident of Alaska. It is therefore upon this
discovery that I now decided to make this business proposal to you and for
our bank to release the money to you. You have to follow the
instruction which I will send to you as the next of kin or relation to the
deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for
it and I don't want this money to go into our bank treasury as unclaimed
bill.

The banking law and guidelines here stipulates that if such money remained
unclaimed after Three years, the money will be transferred into the bank
treasury as unclaimed fund.

The money has now stayed more than three years and I am preparing
documentation to prove that this money has been transferred to our bank
treasury. It will be between me and you will know the money was not
transferred into our treasure. The request of foreigner as next of kin in
this transaction is occasioned by the fact that the customer was a
foreigner and only a fellow white can stand as next of kin to him from the
documents presented before us. In appreciation of your assistance, I am
offering you 35% of the total sum. 5% for contingencies (cost of
transfer/other charges) likely to be incurred during the course of
transaction, while the remaining 55% is for me.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of
the application, which you will complete, and forward to our bank asking
for this money to be paid to you as the next of kin to Mr. Morris Thomson.
I will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is
hitch-free and that you should not entertain any fear or anticipate that
you will be sending me any funds, as all required arrangements have been
made for the transfer. You should contact me immediately as soon as you
receive this mail through the above email. PLEASE DO NOT hesitate to
contact me immediately should you consider my urgent request.
 Yours Faithfully,
Mr. Clive Buthelezi
nklelectronic@aim.com




-- 
Dear friend I make this appeal with the understanding that any facts or
opinion expressed by me are giving in confidence and solely for your
personal information and use. I am Mr. Clive Buthelezi, the manager of
bill and exchange at the foreign remittance department where I work.

 In my department I discovered an abandoned sum of amount in few millions
in American currency, (US Dollars) with account number 8-32902701722 that
belongs to one of our foreign customers who died along with his wife and
only daughter in a plane crash of Alaska Airlines Flight number 261 which
crashed on 31 January 2000. You shall read more about the crash on
visiting this site http://www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/

 The owner of this account is Mr. Morris Thompson an American and great in
industrialist and a resident of Alaska. It is therefore upon this
discovery that I now decided to make this business proposal to you and for
our bank to release the money to you. You have to follow the
instruction which I will send to you as the next of kin or relation to the
deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for
it and I don't want this money to go into our bank treasury as unclaimed
bill.

The banking law and guidelines here stipulates that if such money remained
unclaimed after Three years, the money will be transferred into the bank
treasury as unclaimed fund.

The money has now stayed more than three years and I am preparing
documentation to prove that this money has been transferred to our bank
treasury. It will be between me and you will know the money was not
transferred into our treasure. The request of foreigner as next of kin in
this transaction is occasioned by the fact that the customer was a
foreigner and only a fellow white can stand as next of kin to him from the
documents presented before us. In appreciation of your assistance, I am
offering you 35% of the total sum. 5% for contingencies (cost of
transfer/other charges) likely to be incurred during the course of
transaction, while the remaining 55% is for me.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of
the application, which you will complete, and forward to our bank asking
for this money to be paid to you as the next of kin to Mr. Morris Thomson.
I will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is
hitch-free and that you should not entertain any fear or anticipate that
you will be sending me any funds, as all required arrangements have been
made for the transfer. You should contact me immediately as soon as you
receive this mail through the above email. PLEASE DO NOT hesitate to
contact me immediately should you consider my urgent request.
 Yours Faithfully,
Mr. Clive Buthelezi
nklelectronic@aim.com




-- 
Dear friend I make this appeal with the understanding that any facts or
opinion expressed by me are giving in confidence and solely for your
personal information and use. I am Mr. Clive Buthelezi, the manager of
bill and exchange at the foreign remittance department where I work.

 In my department I discovered an abandoned sum of amount in few millions
in American currency, (US Dollars) with account number 8-32902701722 that
belongs to one of our foreign customers who died along with his wife and
only daughter in a plane crash of Alaska Airlines Flight number 261 which
crashed on 31 January 2000. You shall read more about the crash on
visiting this site http://www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/

 The owner of this account is Mr. Morris Thompson an American and great in
industrialist and a resident of Alaska. It is therefore upon this
discovery that I now decided to make this business proposal to you and for
our bank to release the money to you. You have to follow the
instruction which I will send to you as the next of kin or relation to the
deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for
it and I don't want this money to go into our bank treasury as unclaimed
bill.

The banking law and guidelines here stipulates that if such money remained
unclaimed after Three years, the money will be transferred into the bank
treasury as unclaimed fund.

The money has now stayed more than three years and I am preparing
documentation to prove that this money has been transferred to our bank
treasury. It will be between me and you will know the money was not
transferred into our treasure. The request of foreigner as next of kin in
this transaction is occasioned by the fact that the customer was a
foreigner and only a fellow white can stand as next of kin to him from the
documents presented before us. In appreciation of your assistance, I am
offering you 35% of the total sum. 5% for contingencies (cost of
transfer/other charges) likely to be incurred during the course of
transaction, while the remaining 55% is for me.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of
the application, which you will complete, and forward to our bank asking
for this money to be paid to you as the next of kin to Mr. Morris Thomson.
I will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is
hitch-free and that you should not entertain any fear or anticipate that
you will be sending me any funds, as all required arrangements have been
made for the transfer. You should contact me immediately as soon as you
receive this mail through the above email. PLEASE DO NOT hesitate to
contact me immediately should you consider my urgent request.
 Yours Faithfully,
Mr. Clive Buthelezi
nklelectronic@aim.com




-- 
Dear friend I make this appeal with the understanding that any facts or
opinion expressed by me are giving in confidence and solely for your
personal information and use. I am Mr. Clive Buthelezi, the manager of
bill and exchange at the foreign remittance department where I work.

 In my department I discovered an abandoned sum of amount in few millions
in American currency, (US Dollars) with account number 8-32902701722 that
belongs to one of our foreign customers who died along with his wife and
only daughter in a plane crash of Alaska Airlines Flight number 261 which
crashed on 31 January 2000. You shall read more about the crash on
visiting this site http://www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/

 The owner of this account is Mr. Morris Thompson an American and great in
industrialist and a resident of Alaska. It is therefore upon this
discovery that I now decided to make this business proposal to you and for
our bank to release the money to you. You have to follow the
instruction which I will send to you as the next of kin or relation to the
deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for
it and I don't want this money to go into our bank treasury as unclaimed
bill.

The banking law and guidelines here stipulates that if such money remained
unclaimed after Three years, the money will be transferred into the bank
treasury as unclaimed fund.

The money has now stayed more than three years and I am preparing
documentation to prove that this money has been transferred to our bank
treasury. It will be between me and you will know the money was not
transferred into our treasure. The request of foreigner as next of kin in
this transaction is occasioned by the fact that the customer was a
foreigner and only a fellow white can stand as next of kin to him from the
documents presented before us. In appreciation of your assistance, I am
offering you 35% of the total sum. 5% for contingencies (cost of
transfer/other charges) likely to be incurred during the course of
transaction, while the remaining 55% is for me.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of
the application, which you will complete, and forward to our bank asking
for this money to be paid to you as the next of kin to Mr. Morris Thomson.
I will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is
hitch-free and that you should not entertain any fear or anticipate that
you will be sending me any funds, as all required arrangements have been
made for the transfer. You should contact me immediately as soon as you
receive this mail through the above email. PLEASE DO NOT hesitate to
contact me immediately should you consider my urgent request.
 Yours Faithfully,
Mr. Clive Buthelezi
nklelectronic@aim.com




-- 
Dear friend I make this appeal with the understanding that any facts or
opinion expressed by me are giving in confidence and solely for your
personal information and use. I am Mr. Clive Buthelezi, the manager of
bill and exchange at the foreign remittance department where I work.

 In my department I discovered an abandoned sum of amount in few millions
in American currency, (US Dollars) with account number 8-32902701722 that
belongs to one of our foreign customers who died along with his wife and
only daughter in a plane crash of Alaska Airlines Flight number 261 which
crashed on 31 January 2000. You shall read more about the crash on
visiting this site http://www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/

 The owner of this account is Mr. Morris Thompson an American and great in
industrialist and a resident of Alaska. It is therefore upon this
discovery that I now decided to make this business proposal to you and for
our bank to release the money to you. You have to follow the
instruction which I will send to you as the next of kin or relation to the
deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for
it and I don't want this money to go into our bank treasury as unclaimed
bill.

The banking law and guidelines here stipulates that if such money remained
unclaimed after Three years, the money will be transferred into the bank
treasury as unclaimed fund.

The money has now stayed more than three years and I am preparing
documentation to prove that this money has been transferred to our bank
treasury. It will be between me and you will know the money was not
transferred into our treasure. The request of foreigner as next of kin in
this transaction is occasioned by the fact that the customer was a
foreigner and only a fellow white can stand as next of kin to him from the
documents presented before us. In appreciation of your assistance, I am
offering you 35% of the total sum. 5% for contingencies (cost of
transfer/other charges) likely to be incurred during the course of
transaction, while the remaining 55% is for me.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of
the application, which you will complete, and forward to our bank asking
for this money to be paid to you as the next of kin to Mr. Morris Thomson.
I will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is
hitch-free and that you should not entertain any fear or anticipate that
you will be sending me any funds, as all required arrangements have been
made for the transfer. You should contact me immediately as soon as you
receive this mail through the above email. PLEASE DO NOT hesitate to
contact me immediately should you consider my urgent request.
 Yours Faithfully,
Mr. Clive Buthelezi
nklelectronic@aim.com




-- 
Dear friend I make this appeal with the understanding that any facts or
opinion expressed by me are giving in confidence and solely for your
personal information and use. I am Mr. Clive Buthelezi, the manager of
bill and exchange at the foreign remittance department where I work.

 In my department I discovered an abandoned sum of amount in few millions
in American currency, (US Dollars) with account number 8-32902701722 that
belongs to one of our foreign customers who died along with his wife and
only daughter in a plane crash of Alaska Airlines Flight number 261 which
crashed on 31 January 2000. You shall read more about the crash on
visiting this site http://www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/

 The owner of this account is Mr. Morris Thompson an American and great in
industrialist and a resident of Alaska. It is therefore upon this
discovery that I now decided to make this business proposal to you and for
our bank to release the money to you. You have to follow the
instruction which I will send to you as the next of kin or relation to the
deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for
it and I don't want this money to go into our bank treasury as unclaimed
bill.

The banking law and guidelines here stipulates that if such money remained
unclaimed after Three years, the money will be transferred into the bank
treasury as unclaimed fund.

The money has now stayed more than three years and I am preparing
documentation to prove that this money has been transferred to our bank
treasury. It will be between me and you will know the money was not
transferred into our treasure. The request of foreigner as next of kin in
this transaction is occasioned by the fact that the customer was a
foreigner and only a fellow white can stand as next of kin to him from the
documents presented before us. In appreciation of your assistance, I am
offering you 35% of the total sum. 5% for contingencies (cost of
transfer/other charges) likely to be incurred during the course of
transaction, while the remaining 55% is for me.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of
the application, which you will complete, and forward to our bank asking
for this money to be paid to you as the next of kin to Mr. Morris Thomson.
I will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is
hitch-free and that you should not entertain any fear or anticipate that
you will be sending me any funds, as all required arrangements have been
made for the transfer. You should contact me immediately as soon as you
receive this mail through the above email. PLEASE DO NOT hesitate to
contact me immediately should you consider my urgent request.
 Yours Faithfully,
Mr. Clive Buthelezi
nklelectronic@aim.com




-- 
Dear friend I make this appeal with the understanding that any facts or
opinion expressed by me are giving in confidence and solely for your
personal information and use. I am Mr. Clive Buthelezi, the manager of
bill and exchange at the foreign remittance department where I work.

 In my department I discovered an abandoned sum of amount in few millions
in American currency, (US Dollars) with account number 8-32902701722 that
belongs to one of our foreign customers who died along with his wife and
only daughter in a plane crash of Alaska Airlines Flight number 261 which
crashed on 31 January 2000. You shall read more about the crash on
visiting this site http://www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/

 The owner of this account is Mr. Morris Thompson an American and great in
industrialist and a resident of Alaska. It is therefore upon this
discovery that I now decided to make this business proposal to you and for
our bank to release the money to you. You have to follow the
instruction which I will send to you as the next of kin or relation to the
deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for
it and I don't want this money to go into our bank treasury as unclaimed
bill.

The banking law and guidelines here stipulates that if such money remained
unclaimed after Three years, the money will be transferred into the bank
treasury as unclaimed fund.

The money has now stayed more than three years and I am preparing
documentation to prove that this money has been transferred to our bank
treasury. It will be between me and you will know the money was not
transferred into our treasure. The request of foreigner as next of kin in
this transaction is occasioned by the fact that the customer was a
foreigner and only a fellow white can stand as next of kin to him from the
documents presented before us. In appreciation of your assistance, I am
offering you 35% of the total sum. 5% for contingencies (cost of
transfer/other charges) likely to be incurred during the course of
transaction, while the remaining 55% is for me.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of
the application, which you will complete, and forward to our bank asking
for this money to be paid to you as the next of kin to Mr. Morris Thomson.
I will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is
hitch-free and that you should not entertain any fear or anticipate that
you will be sending me any funds, as all required arrangements have been
made for the transfer. You should contact me immediately as soon as you
receive this mail through the above email. PLEASE DO NOT hesitate to
contact me immediately should you consider my urgent request.
 Yours Faithfully,
Mr. Clive Buthelezi
nklelectronic@aim.com




-- 
Dear friend I make this appeal with the understanding that any facts or
opinion expressed by me are giving in confidence and solely for your
personal information and use. I am Mr. Clive Buthelezi, the manager of
bill and exchange at the foreign remittance department where I work.

 In my department I discovered an abandoned sum of amount in few millions
in American currency, (US Dollars) with account number 8-32902701722 that
belongs to one of our foreign customers who died along with his wife and
only daughter in a plane crash of Alaska Airlines Flight number 261 which
crashed on 31 January 2000. You shall read more about the crash on
visiting this site http://www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/

 The owner of this account is Mr. Morris Thompson an American and great in
industrialist and a resident of Alaska. It is therefore upon this
discovery that I now decided to make this business proposal to you and for
our bank to release the money to you. You have to follow the
instruction which I will send to you as the next of kin or relation to the
deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for
it and I don't want this money to go into our bank treasury as unclaimed
bill.

The banking law and guidelines here stipulates that if such money remained
unclaimed after Three years, the money will be transferred into the bank
treasury as unclaimed fund.

The money has now stayed more than three years and I am preparing
documentation to prove that this money has been transferred to our bank
treasury. It will be between me and you will know the money was not
transferred into our treasure. The request of foreigner as next of kin in
this transaction is occasioned by the fact that the customer was a
foreigner and only a fellow white can stand as next of kin to him from the
documents presented before us. In appreciation of your assistance, I am
offering you 35% of the total sum. 5% for contingencies (cost of
transfer/other charges) likely to be incurred during the course of
transaction, while the remaining 55% is for me.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of
the application, which you will complete, and forward to our bank asking
for this money to be paid to you as the next of kin to Mr. Morris Thomson.
I will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is
hitch-free and that you should not entertain any fear or anticipate that
you will be sending me any funds, as all required arrangements have been
made for the transfer. You should contact me immediately as soon as you
receive this mail through the above email. PLEASE DO NOT hesitate to
contact me immediately should you consider my urgent request.
 Yours Faithfully,
Mr. Clive Buthelezi
nklelectronic@aim.com




-- 
Dear friend I make this appeal with the understanding that any facts or
opinion expressed by me are giving in confidence and solely for your
personal information and use. I am Mr. Clive Buthelezi, the manager of
bill and exchange at the foreign remittance department where I work.

 In my department I discovered an abandoned sum of amount in few millions
in American currency, (US Dollars) with account number 8-32902701722 that
belongs to one of our foreign customers who died along with his wife and
only daughter in a plane crash of Alaska Airlines Flight number 261 which
crashed on 31 January 2000. You shall read more about the crash on
visiting this site http://www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/

 The owner of this account is Mr. Morris Thompson an American and great in
industrialist and a resident of Alaska. It is therefore upon this
discovery that I now decided to make this business proposal to you and for
our bank to release the money to you. You have to follow the
instruction which I will send to you as the next of kin or relation to the
deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for
it and I don't want this money to go into our bank treasury as unclaimed
bill.

The banking law and guidelines here stipulates that if such money remained
unclaimed after Three years, the money will be transferred into the bank
treasury as unclaimed fund.

The money has now stayed more than three years and I am preparing
documentation to prove that this money has been transferred to our bank
treasury. It will be between me and you will know the money was not
transferred into our treasure. The request of foreigner as next of kin in
this transaction is occasioned by the fact that the customer was a
foreigner and only a fellow white can stand as next of kin to him from the
documents presented before us. In appreciation of your assistance, I am
offering you 35% of the total sum. 5% for contingencies (cost of
transfer/other charges) likely to be incurred during the course of
transaction, while the remaining 55% is for me.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of
the application, which you will complete, and forward to our bank asking
for this money to be paid to you as the next of kin to Mr. Morris Thomson.
I will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is
hitch-free and that you should not entertain any fear or anticipate that
you will be sending me any funds, as all required arrangements have been
made for the transfer. You should contact me immediately as soon as you
receive this mail through the above email. PLEASE DO NOT hesitate to
contact me immediately should you consider my urgent request.
 Yours Faithfully,
Mr. Clive Buthelezi
nklelectronic@aim.com




-- 
Dear friend I make this appeal with the understanding that any facts or
opinion expressed by me are giving in confidence and solely for your
personal information and use. I am Mr. Clive Buthelezi, the manager of
bill and exchange at the foreign remittance department where I work.

 In my department I discovered an abandoned sum of amount in few millions
in American currency, (US Dollars) with account number 8-32902701722 that
belongs to one of our foreign customers who died along with his wife and
only daughter in a plane crash of Alaska Airlines Flight number 261 which
crashed on 31 January 2000. You shall read more about the crash on
visiting this site http://www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/

 The owner of this account is Mr. Morris Thompson an American and great in
industrialist and a resident of Alaska. It is therefore upon this
discovery that I now decided to make this business proposal to you and for
our bank to release the money to you. You have to follow the
instruction which I will send to you as the next of kin or relation to the
deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for
it and I don't want this money to go into our bank treasury as unclaimed
bill.

The banking law and guidelines here stipulates that if such money remained
unclaimed after Three years, the money will be transferred into the bank
treasury as unclaimed fund.

The money has now stayed more than three years and I am preparing
documentation to prove that this money has been transferred to our bank
treasury. It will be between me and you will know the money was not
transferred into our treasure. The request of foreigner as next of kin in
this transaction is occasioned by the fact that the customer was a
foreigner and only a fellow white can stand as next of kin to him from the
documents presented before us. In appreciation of your assistance, I am
offering you 35% of the total sum. 5% for contingencies (cost of
transfer/other charges) likely to be incurred during the course of
transaction, while the remaining 55% is for me.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of
the application, which you will complete, and forward to our bank asking
for this money to be paid to you as the next of kin to Mr. Morris Thomson.
I will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is
hitch-free and that you should not entertain any fear or anticipate that
you will be sending me any funds, as all required arrangements have been
made for the transfer. You should contact me immediately as soon as you
receive this mail through the above email. PLEASE DO NOT hesitate to
contact me immediately should you consider my urgent request.
 Yours Faithfully,
Mr. Clive Buthelezi
nklelectronic@aim.com




-- 
Dear friend I make this appeal with the understanding that any facts or
opinion expressed by me are giving in confidence and solely for your
personal information and use. I am Mr. Clive Buthelezi, the manager of
bill and exchange at the foreign remittance department where I work.

 In my department I discovered an abandoned sum of amount in few millions
in American currency, (US Dollars) with account number 8-32902701722 that
belongs to one of our foreign customers who died along with his wife and
only daughter in a plane crash of Alaska Airlines Flight number 261 which
crashed on 31 January 2000. You shall read more about the crash on
visiting this site http://www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/

 The owner of this account is Mr. Morris Thompson an American and great in
industrialist and a resident of Alaska. It is therefore upon this
discovery that I now decided to make this business proposal to you and for
our bank to release the money to you. You have to follow the
instruction which I will send to you as the next of kin or relation to the
deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for
it and I don't want this money to go into our bank treasury as unclaimed
bill.

The banking law and guidelines here stipulates that if such money remained
unclaimed after Three years, the money will be transferred into the bank
treasury as unclaimed fund.

The money has now stayed more than three years and I am preparing
documentation to prove that this money has been transferred to our bank
treasury. It will be between me and you will know the money was not
transferred into our treasure. The request of foreigner as next of kin in
this transaction is occasioned by the fact that the customer was a
foreigner and only a fellow white can stand as next of kin to him from the
documents presented before us. In appreciation of your assistance, I am
offering you 35% of the total sum. 5% for contingencies (cost of
transfer/other charges) likely to be incurred during the course of
transaction, while the remaining 55% is for me.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of
the application, which you will complete, and forward to our bank asking
for this money to be paid to you as the next of kin to Mr. Morris Thomson.
I will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is
hitch-free and that you should not entertain any fear or anticipate that
you will be sending me any funds, as all required arrangements have been
made for the transfer. You should contact me immediately as soon as you
receive this mail through the above email. PLEASE DO NOT hesitate to
contact me immediately should you consider my urgent request.
 Yours Faithfully,
Mr. Clive Buthelezi
nklelectronic@aim.com




-- 
Dear friend I make this appeal with the understanding that any facts or
opinion expressed by me are giving in confidence and solely for your
personal information and use. I am Mr. Clive Buthelezi, the manager of
bill and exchange at the foreign remittance department where I work.

 In my department I discovered an abandoned sum of amount in few millions
in American currency, (US Dollars) with account number 8-32902701722 that
belongs to one of our foreign customers who died along with his wife and
only daughter in a plane crash of Alaska Airlines Flight number 261 which
crashed on 31 January 2000. You shall read more about the crash on
visiting this site http://www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/

 The owner of this account is Mr. Morris Thompson an American and great in
industrialist and a resident of Alaska. It is therefore upon this
discovery that I now decided to make this business proposal to you and for
our bank to release the money to you. You have to follow the
instruction which I will send to you as the next of kin or relation to the
deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for
it and I don't want this money to go into our bank treasury as unclaimed
bill.

The banking law and guidelines here stipulates that if such money remained
unclaimed after Three years, the money will be transferred into the bank
treasury as unclaimed fund.

The money has now stayed more than three years and I am preparing
documentation to prove that this money has been transferred to our bank
treasury. It will be between me and you will know the money was not
transferred into our treasure. The request of foreigner as next of kin in
this transaction is occasioned by the fact that the customer was a
foreigner and only a fellow white can stand as next of kin to him from the
documents presented before us. In appreciation of your assistance, I am
offering you 35% of the total sum. 5% for contingencies (cost of
transfer/other charges) likely to be incurred during the course of
transaction, while the remaining 55% is for me.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of
the application, which you will complete, and forward to our bank asking
for this money to be paid to you as the next of kin to Mr. Morris Thomson.
I will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is
hitch-free and that you should not entertain any fear or anticipate that
you will be sending me any funds, as all required arrangements have been
made for the transfer. You should contact me immediately as soon as you
receive this mail through the above email. PLEASE DO NOT hesitate to
contact me immediately should you consider my urgent request.
 Yours Faithfully,
Mr. Clive Buthelezi
nklelectronic@aim.com




-- 
Dear friend I make this appeal with the understanding that any facts or
opinion expressed by me are giving in confidence and solely for your
personal information and use. I am Mr. Clive Buthelezi, the manager of
bill and exchange at the foreign remittance department where I work.

 In my department I discovered an abandoned sum of amount in few millions
in American currency, (US Dollars) with account number 8-32902701722 that
belongs to one of our foreign customers who died along with his wife and
only daughter in a plane crash of Alaska Airlines Flight number 261 which
crashed on 31 January 2000. You shall read more about the crash on
visiting this site http://www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/

 The owner of this account is Mr. Morris Thompson an American and great in
industrialist and a resident of Alaska. It is therefore upon this
discovery that I now decided to make this business proposal to you and for
our bank to release the money to you. You have to follow the
instruction which I will send to you as the next of kin or relation to the
deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for
it and I don't want this money to go into our bank treasury as unclaimed
bill.

The banking law and guidelines here stipulates that if such money remained
unclaimed after Three years, the money will be transferred into the bank
treasury as unclaimed fund.

The money has now stayed more than three years and I am preparing
documentation to prove that this money has been transferred to our bank
treasury. It will be between me and you will know the money was not
transferred into our treasure. The request of foreigner as next of kin in
this transaction is occasioned by the fact that the customer was a
foreigner and only a fellow white can stand as next of kin to him from the
documents presented before us. In appreciation of your assistance, I am
offering you 35% of the total sum. 5% for contingencies (cost of
transfer/other charges) likely to be incurred during the course of
transaction, while the remaining 55% is for me.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of
the application, which you will complete, and forward to our bank asking
for this money to be paid to you as the next of kin to Mr. Morris Thomson.
I will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is
hitch-free and that you should not entertain any fear or anticipate that
you will be sending me any funds, as all required arrangements have been
made for the transfer. You should contact me immediately as soon as you
receive this mail through the above email. PLEASE DO NOT hesitate to
contact me immediately should you consider my urgent request.
 Yours Faithfully,
Mr. Clive Buthelezi
nklelectronic@aim.com




-- 
Dear friend I make this appeal with the understanding that any facts or
opinion expressed by me are giving in confidence and solely for your
personal information and use. I am Mr. Clive Buthelezi, the manager of
bill and exchange at the foreign remittance department where I work.

 In my department I discovered an abandoned sum of amount in few millions
in American currency, (US Dollars) with account number 8-32902701722 that
belongs to one of our foreign customers who died along with his wife and
only daughter in a plane crash of Alaska Airlines Flight number 261 which
crashed on 31 January 2000. You shall read more about the crash on
visiting this site http://www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/

 The owner of this account is Mr. Morris Thompson an American and great in
industrialist and a resident of Alaska. It is therefore upon this
discovery that I now decided to make this business proposal to you and for
our bank to release the money to you. You have to follow the
instruction which I will send to you as the next of kin or relation to the
deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for
it and I don't want this money to go into our bank treasury as unclaimed
bill.

The banking law and guidelines here stipulates that if such money remained
unclaimed after Three years, the money will be transferred into the bank
treasury as unclaimed fund.

The money has now stayed more than three years and I am preparing
documentation to prove that this money has been transferred to our bank
treasury. It will be between me and you will know the money was not
transferred into our treasure. The request of foreigner as next of kin in
this transaction is occasioned by the fact that the customer was a
foreigner and only a fellow white can stand as next of kin to him from the
documents presented before us. In appreciation of your assistance, I am
offering you 35% of the total sum. 5% for contingencies (cost of
transfer/other charges) likely to be incurred during the course of
transaction, while the remaining 55% is for me.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of
the application, which you will complete, and forward to our bank asking
for this money to be paid to you as the next of kin to Mr. Morris Thomson.
I will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is
hitch-free and that you should not entertain any fear or anticipate that
you will be sending me any funds, as all required arrangements have been
made for the transfer. You should contact me immediately as soon as you
receive this mail through the above email. PLEASE DO NOT hesitate to
contact me immediately should you consider my urgent request.
 Yours Faithfully,
Mr. Clive Buthelezi
nklelectronic@aim.com




-- 
Dear friend I make this appeal with the understanding that any facts or
opinion expressed by me are giving in confidence and solely for your
personal information and use. I am Mr. Clive Buthelezi, the manager of
bill and exchange at the foreign remittance department where I work.

 In my department I discovered an abandoned sum of amount in few millions
in American currency, (US Dollars) with account number 8-32902701722 that
belongs to one of our foreign customers who died along with his wife and
only daughter in a plane crash of Alaska Airlines Flight number 261 which
crashed on 31 January 2000. You shall read more about the crash on
visiting this site http://www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/

 The owner of this account is Mr. Morris Thompson an American and great in
industrialist and a resident of Alaska. It is therefore upon this
discovery that I now decided to make this business proposal to you and for
our bank to release the money to you. You have to follow the
instruction which I will send to you as the next of kin or relation to the
deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for
it and I don't want this money to go into our bank treasury as unclaimed
bill.

The banking law and guidelines here stipulates that if such money remained
unclaimed after Three years, the money will be transferred into the bank
treasury as unclaimed fund.

The money has now stayed more than three years and I am preparing
documentation to prove that this money has been transferred to our bank
treasury. It will be between me and you will know the money was not
transferred into our treasure. The request of foreigner as next of kin in
this transaction is occasioned by the fact that the customer was a
foreigner and only a fellow white can stand as next of kin to him from the
documents presented before us. In appreciation of your assistance, I am
offering you 35% of the total sum. 5% for contingencies (cost of
transfer/other charges) likely to be incurred during the course of
transaction, while the remaining 55% is for me.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of
the application, which you will complete, and forward to our bank asking
for this money to be paid to you as the next of kin to Mr. Morris Thomson.
I will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is
hitch-free and that you should not entertain any fear or anticipate that
you will be sending me any funds, as all required arrangements have been
made for the transfer. You should contact me immediately as soon as you
receive this mail through the above email. PLEASE DO NOT hesitate to
contact me immediately should you consider my urgent request.
 Yours Faithfully,
Mr. Clive Buthelezi
nklelectronic@aim.com




-- 
Dear friend I make this appeal with the understanding that any facts or
opinion expressed by me are giving in confidence and solely for your
personal information and use. I am Mr. Clive Buthelezi, the manager of
bill and exchange at the foreign remittance department where I work.

 In my department I discovered an abandoned sum of amount in few millions
in American currency, (US Dollars) with account number 8-32902701722 that
belongs to one of our foreign customers who died along with his wife and
only daughter in a plane crash of Alaska Airlines Flight number 261 which
crashed on 31 January 2000. You shall read more about the crash on
visiting this site http://www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/

 The owner of this account is Mr. Morris Thompson an American and great in
industrialist and a resident of Alaska. It is therefore upon this
discovery that I now decided to make this business proposal to you and for
our bank to release the money to you. You have to follow the
instruction which I will send to you as the next of kin or relation to the
deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for
it and I don't want this money to go into our bank treasury as unclaimed
bill.

The banking law and guidelines here stipulates that if such money remained
unclaimed after Three years, the money will be transferred into the bank
treasury as unclaimed fund.

The money has now stayed more than three years and I am preparing
documentation to prove that this money has been transferred to our bank
treasury. It will be between me and you will know the money was not
transferred into our treasure. The request of foreigner as next of kin in
this transaction is occasioned by the fact that the customer was a
foreigner and only a fellow white can stand as next of kin to him from the
documents presented before us. In appreciation of your assistance, I am
offering you 35% of the total sum. 5% for contingencies (cost of
transfer/other charges) likely to be incurred during the course of
transaction, while the remaining 55% is for me.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of
the application, which you will complete, and forward to our bank asking
for this money to be paid to you as the next of kin to Mr. Morris Thomson.
I will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is
hitch-free and that you should not entertain any fear or anticipate that
you will be sending me any funds, as all required arrangements have been
made for the transfer. You should contact me immediately as soon as you
receive this mail through the above email. PLEASE DO NOT hesitate to
contact me immediately should you consider my urgent request.
 Yours Faithfully,
Mr. Clive Buthelezi
nklelectronic@aim.com




-- 
Dear friend I make this appeal with the understanding that any facts or
opinion expressed by me are giving in confidence and solely for your
personal information and use. I am Mr. Clive Buthelezi, the manager of
bill and exchange at the foreign remittance department where I work.

 In my department I discovered an abandoned sum of amount in few millions
in American currency, (US Dollars) with account number 8-32902701722 that
belongs to one of our foreign customers who died along with his wife and
only daughter in a plane crash of Alaska Airlines Flight number 261 which
crashed on 31 January 2000. You shall read more about the crash on
visiting this site http://www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/

 The owner of this account is Mr. Morris Thompson an American and great in
industrialist and a resident of Alaska. It is therefore upon this
discovery that I now decided to make this business proposal to you and for
our bank to release the money to you. You have to follow the
instruction which I will send to you as the next of kin or relation to the
deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for
it and I don't want this money to go into our bank treasury as unclaimed
bill.

The banking law and guidelines here stipulates that if such money remained
unclaimed after Three years, the money will be transferred into the bank
treasury as unclaimed fund.

The money has now stayed more than three years and I am preparing
documentation to prove that this money has been transferred to our bank
treasury. It will be between me and you will know the money was not
transferred into our treasure. The request of foreigner as next of kin in
this transaction is occasioned by the fact that the customer was a
foreigner and only a fellow white can stand as next of kin to him from the
documents presented before us. In appreciation of your assistance, I am
offering you 35% of the total sum. 5% for contingencies (cost of
transfer/other charges) likely to be incurred during the course of
transaction, while the remaining 55% is for me.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of
the application, which you will complete, and forward to our bank asking
for this money to be paid to you as the next of kin to Mr. Morris Thomson.
I will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is
hitch-free and that you should not entertain any fear or anticipate that
you will be sending me any funds, as all required arrangements have been
made for the transfer. You should contact me immediately as soon as you
receive this mail through the above email. PLEASE DO NOT hesitate to
contact me immediately should you consider my urgent request.
 Yours Faithfully,
Mr. Clive Buthelezi
nklelectronic@aim.com




-- 
Dear friend I make this appeal with the understanding that any facts or
opinion expressed by me are giving in confidence and solely for your
personal information and use. I am Mr. Clive Buthelezi, the manager of
bill and exchange at the foreign remittance department where I work.

 In my department I discovered an abandoned sum of amount in few millions
in American currency, (US Dollars) with account number 8-32902701722 that
belongs to one of our foreign customers who died along with his wife and
only daughter in a plane crash of Alaska Airlines Flight number 261 which
crashed on 31 January 2000. You shall read more about the crash on
visiting this site http://www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/

 The owner of this account is Mr. Morris Thompson an American and great in
industrialist and a resident of Alaska. It is therefore upon this
discovery that I now decided to make this business proposal to you and for
our bank to release the money to you. You have to follow the
instruction which I will send to you as the next of kin or relation to the
deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for
it and I don't want this money to go into our bank treasury as unclaimed
bill.

The banking law and guidelines here stipulates that if such money remained
unclaimed after Three years, the money will be transferred into the bank
treasury as unclaimed fund.

The money has now stayed more than three years and I am preparing
documentation to prove that this money has been transferred to our bank
treasury. It will be between me and you will know the money was not
transferred into our treasure. The request of foreigner as next of kin in
this transaction is occasioned by the fact that the customer was a
foreigner and only a fellow white can stand as next of kin to him from the
documents presented before us. In appreciation of your assistance, I am
offering you 35% of the total sum. 5% for contingencies (cost of
transfer/other charges) likely to be incurred during the course of
transaction, while the remaining 55% is for me.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of
the application, which you will complete, and forward to our bank asking
for this money to be paid to you as the next of kin to Mr. Morris Thomson.
I will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is
hitch-free and that you should not entertain any fear or anticipate that
you will be sending me any funds, as all required arrangements have been
made for the transfer. You should contact me immediately as soon as you
receive this mail through the above email. PLEASE DO NOT hesitate to
contact me immediately should you consider my urgent request.
 Yours Faithfully,
Mr. Clive Buthelezi
nklelectronic@aim.com




-- 
Dear friend I make this appeal with the understanding that any facts or
opinion expressed by me are giving in confidence and solely for your
personal information and use. I am Mr. Clive Buthelezi, the manager of
bill and exchange at the foreign remittance department where I work.

 In my department I discovered an abandoned sum of amount in few millions
in American currency, (US Dollars) with account number 8-32902701722 that
belongs to one of our foreign customers who died along with his wife and
only daughter in a plane crash of Alaska Airlines Flight number 261 which
crashed on 31 January 2000. You shall read more about the crash on
visiting this site http://www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/

 The owner of this account is Mr. Morris Thompson an American and great in
industrialist and a resident of Alaska. It is therefore upon this
discovery that I now decided to make this business proposal to you and for
our bank to release the money to you. You have to follow the
instruction which I will send to you as the next of kin or relation to the
deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for
it and I don't want this money to go into our bank treasury as unclaimed
bill.

The banking law and guidelines here stipulates that if such money remained
unclaimed after Three years, the money will be transferred into the bank
treasury as unclaimed fund.

The money has now stayed more than three years and I am preparing
documentation to prove that this money has been transferred to our bank
treasury. It will be between me and you will know the money was not
transferred into our treasure. The request of foreigner as next of kin in
this transaction is occasioned by the fact that the customer was a
foreigner and only a fellow white can stand as next of kin to him from the
documents presented before us. In appreciation of your assistance, I am
offering you 35% of the total sum. 5% for contingencies (cost of
transfer/other charges) likely to be incurred during the course of
transaction, while the remaining 55% is for me.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of
the application, which you will complete, and forward to our bank asking
for this money to be paid to you as the next of kin to Mr. Morris Thomson.
I will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is
hitch-free and that you should not entertain any fear or anticipate that
you will be sending me any funds, as all required arrangements have been
made for the transfer. You should contact me immediately as soon as you
receive this mail through the above email. PLEASE DO NOT hesitate to
contact me immediately should you consider my urgent request.
 Yours Faithfully,
Mr. Clive Buthelezi
nklelectronic@aim.com




-- 
Dear friend I make this appeal with the understanding that any facts or
opinion expressed by me are giving in confidence and solely for your
personal information and use. I am Mr. Clive Buthelezi, the manager of
bill and exchange at the foreign remittance department where I work.

 In my department I discovered an abandoned sum of amount in few millions
in American currency, (US Dollars) with account number 8-32902701722 that
belongs to one of our foreign customers who died along with his wife and
only daughter in a plane crash of Alaska Airlines Flight number 261 which
crashed on 31 January 2000. You shall read more about the crash on
visiting this site http://www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/

 The owner of this account is Mr. Morris Thompson an American and great in
industrialist and a resident of Alaska. It is therefore upon this
discovery that I now decided to make this business proposal to you and for
our bank to release the money to you. You have to follow the
instruction which I will send to you as the next of kin or relation to the
deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for
it and I don't want this money to go into our bank treasury as unclaimed
bill.

The banking law and guidelines here stipulates that if such money remained
unclaimed after Three years, the money will be transferred into the bank
treasury as unclaimed fund.

The money has now stayed more than three years and I am preparing
documentation to prove that this money has been transferred to our bank
treasury. It will be between me and you will know the money was not
transferred into our treasure. The request of foreigner as next of kin in
this transaction is occasioned by the fact that the customer was a
foreigner and only a fellow white can stand as next of kin to him from the
documents presented before us. In appreciation of your assistance, I am
offering you 35% of the total sum. 5% for contingencies (cost of
transfer/other charges) likely to be incurred during the course of
transaction, while the remaining 55% is for me.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of
the application, which you will complete, and forward to our bank asking
for this money to be paid to you as the next of kin to Mr. Morris Thomson.
I will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is
hitch-free and that you should not entertain any fear or anticipate that
you will be sending me any funds, as all required arrangements have been
made for the transfer. You should contact me immediately as soon as you
receive this mail through the above email. PLEASE DO NOT hesitate to
contact me immediately should you consider my urgent request.
 Yours Faithfully,
Mr. Clive Buthelezi
nklelectronic@aim.com




-- 
Dear friend I make this appeal with the understanding that any facts or
opinion expressed by me are giving in confidence and solely for your
personal information and use. I am Mr. Clive Buthelezi, the manager of
bill and exchange at the foreign remittance department where I work.

 In my department I discovered an abandoned sum of amount in few millions
in American currency, (US Dollars) with account number 8-32902701722 that
belongs to one of our foreign customers who died along with his wife and
only daughter in a plane crash of Alaska Airlines Flight number 261 which
crashed on 31 January 2000. You shall read more about the crash on
visiting this site http://www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/

 The owner of this account is Mr. Morris Thompson an American and great in
industrialist and a resident of Alaska. It is therefore upon this
discovery that I now decided to make this business proposal to you and
for our bank to release the money to you. You have to follow the
instruction which I will send to you as the next of kin or relation to
the deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is
coming for it and I don't want this money to go into our bank treasury as
unclaimed bill.

The banking law and guidelines here stipulates that if such money remained
unclaimed after Three years, the money will be transferred into the bank
treasury as unclaimed fund.

The money has now stayed more than three years and I am preparing
documentation to prove that this money has been transferred to our bank
treasury. It will be between me and you will know the money was not
transferred into our treasure. The request of foreigner as next of kin in
this transaction is occasioned by the fact that the customer was a
foreigner and only a fellow white can stand as next of kin to him from the
documents presented before us. In appreciation of your assistance, I am
offering you 35% of the total sum. 5% for contingencies (cost of
transfer/other charges) likely to be incurred during the course of
transaction, while the remaining 55% is for me.

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of
the application, which you will complete, and forward to our bank asking
for this money to be paid to you as the next of kin to Mr. Morris Thomson.
I will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is
hitch-free and that you should not entertain any fear or anticipate that
you will be sending me any funds, as all required arrangements have been
made for the transfer. You should contact me immediately as soon as you
receive this mail through the above email. PLEASE DO NOT hesitate to
contact me immediately should you consider my urgent request.
 Yours Faithfully,
Mr. Clive Buthelezi
nklelectronic@aim.com

