From bounce-193285-13148861@cabotmail.net  Mon Jun  4 16:22:07 2007
Return-Path: <bounce-193285-13148861@cabotmail.net>
Received: from cabotmail.net (cabotmail.net [69.25.193.100])
	by flax9.uwaterloo.ca (8.12.8/8.12.5) with SMTP id l54KM6hB032335
	for <avcooper@speedy.uwaterloo.ca>; Mon, 4 Jun 2007 16:22:06 -0400
Message-Id: <200706042022.l54KM6hB032335@flax9.uwaterloo.ca>
From: Timothy Lutts <TimothyLutts@cabotwealth.com>
To: avcooper@flax9.uwaterloo.ca
Subject: Cabot Wealth Advisory 6/4/07 - You Can Win By Thinking Big
Date: Mon, 04 Jun 2007 16:15:00 -0400
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="ISO-8859-1"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
Reply-To: TimothyLutts@cabotwealth.com

June 4, 2007 

Salem, Massachusetts 

By Timothy Lutts 

== 

Force Protection - Buying Smart 

Steve Jobs, Bill Gates and Me 

Solving America’s BIG Problem 

== 

A week ago, on Memorial Day, I wrote about Force Protection (FRPT), the
maker of armored vehicles that’s grown very rapidly in recent quarters and
expects continued growth as the government ramps up its program to replace
Humvees in Iraq with vehicles that can better protect the troops. 

Back then the stock was trading a shade above 28, and I wrote, “Ideally,
you want to buy when the stock corrects to its 25-day moving average down
around 25.  That’s also the level where the stock met resistance back in
January, so it should act as a floor. 

“And if the stock fails from there, you cut your loss short; nothing is
guaranteed in this business.  But if you manage your risk properly (buying
at the right point is very important in this regard), stories like Force
Protection can pay off very well.” 

In the four trading days that followed, the stock climbed to 30 and then
fell - on big volume - back to 26, following the news that the Department
of Defense had awarded Navistar a $623 million contract to build 1,200
armored vehicles. 

Now, the novice looks at these developments and says, “This doesn’t look
good.  A new competitor has snuck in to Force Protection’s territory.  And
the stock is down from 30 to 24.  Maybe I should sell now and get out
before it gets worse.” 

The more experienced investor says, “It’s hit 25, which Lutts said would
be an ideal entry point.  I think I’ll put in my buy order.” 

The difference, you see, is that the novice investor bought immediately
following my recommendation, while the experienced investor has been
waiting to buy at the right time and the right price. 

In four days the novice has lost some money; the experienced investor
hasn’t. 

But what about the news?  Well, it may mark a top for the stock, but I
think it’s more likely an excellent example of what we like to call
“superficial bad news.” 

Remember, the DOD may award some $8 billion worth of contracts for new
armored vehicles, and Force Protection has 81% of the market to date. 
Under the Army’s Mine Resistant Ambush Protected (MRAP) vehicle program,
the government will order about 23,000 armored vehicles, so this award to
Navistar is just 5% of that program. 

There’s no doubt the Army wants to spread the awards out, so it can get
its vehicles faster.  Knowing that, the Navistar award is not unexpected. 
But Force Protection still has the inside track to receive a big chunk of
the orders, so nothing has changed in the big picture. 

So why is the stock down?  One, because some traders sold on the news. 
And two, because the stock needed to come down.  If you simply look at a
chart, that is plain.  In fact, on Friday, the stock nearly kissed its
25-day moving average, which had climbed to near 26, before it rebounded
to top 27. 

But there’s that heavy volume to consider.  When stocks sell off from
their peaks on three times average volume, it sometimes marks the end of
the advance . . . but there’s no way to know until later. 

So how to play it?  If you haven’t bought yet, you want to wait until the
correction is over.  The maxim for this situation is, “Don’t try to catch
a falling knife.”  Today, the stock fell to 24, a level that offered
resistance in April and May.  As the days go by the picture changes, and
interpretation will change, too. 

And if you bought high?  Work hard to keep your loss small, and next time
don’t buy until you have a lower-risk setup. 

== 

Editor’s note: 

To get a buy-hold-sell rating on Force Protection every week, you need a
subscription to Cabot Top Ten Report.  You’ll also get professional
fundamental and technical analysis of the ten hottest stocks in the
market, all delivered to your email in-box every Monday after the market
close. To get started with a no-risk trial subscription, simply click the
link below. 

http://cabotmail.net/t/193285/13148861/81/0/

== 

For example . . . back at the end of December, I wrote up J. Crew Group
(JCG) as Cabot Stock of the Month, highlighting the capabilities of CEO
Millard Drexler, the man who presided over the Gap as its revenues grew
from $480 million in 1983 to $13.7 billion in 2000. 

Excellent management, remember, has been one of the key ingredients in
many of our best-performing stocks, so when we see an excellent manager in
a high-potential stock, we pay attention. 

J. Crew had reported excellent quarterly earnings in late November, and
the stock had soared from 35 to 44 on the results.  A month later, when I
recommended it, the stock had corrected back down to 39, and that looked
like a decent entry point.  In fact, I wrote, “We see no heavy selling
pressures here, and we believe the stock will resume its uptrend in the
new year.  In conclusion, we recommend buying here.” 

Well, the uptrend didn’t resume in the new year, and in mid-March JCG was
still at 39.  But we were patient.  The long-term picture, with Drexler in
charge, was still bright, and there was still no heavy selling pressure. 
(Technically, JCG was building a long base, a formation that often serves
as a launching pad for a big advance.) 

And then last week our patience was rewarded; J. Crew’s first quarter
earnings results were terrific, and buyers, over a two-day period, sent
the stock screaming from 42 to 50.  That’s a 28% profit in a little over 5
months.  If you’re on board, hang on tight.  If you’re not, there are more
attractive stocks out there with lower-risk entry points. 

== 

Advertisement 

Increased Profits For 13 Cents Per Day! 

When we could see that Apple Computer's earnings momentum was shooting
through the roof in October 2004, we named it Stock of the Month. It was
selling for a shockingly low $35 per share. Today, (adjusted for a 2-for-1
split) it has turned a $10,000 investment into $43,000. 

There are 16 more Stocks of the Month I could name that have handed us an
88% average profit per stock over the past two years. 

Join Cabot Stock of The Month and get in on the next stock that explodes,
like past picks Intuitive Surgical (up 600%), Broadvision (up 670%), and
Amazon (up 1,290%). Sign up today and you'll get immediate access to all
current recommendations, along with the free bonus report, Sector of the
Year. 

To learn more, please visit this link: 

http://cabotmail.net/t/193285/13148861/86/0/

== 

Last week Steve Jobs and Bill Gates shared the stage at a Wall Street
Journal event, and for a change they acted not as competitors but as
colleagues.  And old colleagues at that, who spent more time reminiscing
about the past than discussing the present or predicting the future. 

My favorite part of the discussion came when Jobs noted that at the start
of their careers in the computer industry, they were often the youngest
people in the room; today they’re often the oldest. 

Interestingly, at least to me, both Jobs and Gates were born in 1955, just
like me.  In fact, while Jobs was born in February and Gates was born in
October, I was born in June, the month that falls exactly between the two.
 Both of them are married with three children.  Me, too.  But there the
similarities end. 

While both of them have changed the world in marvelous ways, and continue
to do so, my impact has been far smaller. 

But I have no trouble with paparazzi.  I don’t need bodyguards.  And at
restaurants I eat in peace.  It’s a good life. 

== 

So let’s talk about life for a minute, or more specifically, health. 

It’s been well documented in recent years that America has two big health
problems.  One is obesity; the other is the escalating cost of health
care.  You don’t need me to repeat the facts of both problems here.  And
you don’t need to be a genius to see that solving the first would help to
solve the second. 

But how to tackle America’s obesity problem?  I have a few ideas. 

One begins by considering the parallels with the battle against smoking,
which dates, interestingly, back at least to the Crimean War, which
figured in last week’s essay. 

It seems that British soldiers returning from the war brought with them
the habit of cigarette-smoking, and young Philip Morris was one of the
Englishmen to fill the demand, by offering hand-rolled cigarettes in his
London store. 

Even then, there was fierce debate about the health effects of tobacco.
But commerce and addiction won out over science and Mr. Morris prospered.


Yet there was always knowledge that smoking was harmful to one’s health. 
In fact it was Adolf Hitler who was partially responsible for the first
nationwide tobacco ban.  The Institute for Tobacco Hazards Research,
created by Hitler in 1941, banned smoking in every German university, post
office, military hospital and Nazi Party office, and major anti-tobacco
campaigns were widely broadcast by the Nazis until the demise of the
regime in 1945. 

Three decades later, Minnesota enacted the Clean Indoor Air Act, making it
the first state to ban smoking in most public spaces.  In 1998 California
enacted a complete smoking ban that included a controversial ban on
smoking in bars, and there are now 35 states with some form of smoking ban
on the books. 

In 2004 the Irish Government implemented a ban on smoking in public
places. 

And because of these bans, we are healthier. 

So, getting back to obesity, banning foods that make people fat is one
solution.  New York City banned the use of transfats in restaurants last
year, and many schools have chosen to reduce the availability of junk
food. 

But there are several problems with banning foods. 

Banning smoking in public places was palatable because second-hand smoke
hurts others, so smoking could be labeled a public health hazard.  Not so
for food. 

With food, the damage is generally limited to the individual (unless you
get into the question of who pays for medical care), and every restriction
the government puts on an individual’s freedom to eat as he chooses takes
us one step closer to a nanny state; today transfats – tomorrow hot fudge
sundaes? 

In general, any food in small quantities is not a problem for the careful
eater, and I cherish my freedom to eat a hot fudge sundae on my birthday -
when I compare my progress to Bill Gates’ - if I so choose. 

With food, the problem is generally one of portion size.  In 1960 an order
of McDonalds French Fries had 200 calories; today it has 600 calories. 
When I returned from my recent trip to China, I was impressed (not in a
good way) by the immense portions of both food and drink served at the
Chicago airport restaurant. 

But how to get people to reduce portion sizes? 

I believe a major part of the solution lies in education, both on the
individual level and on the societal level. 

In general, the battle against smoking has been won by educated people,
and though the bans have helped to achieve this, I believe the greatest
weapon was a growing level of consciousness among educated people that
smoking was bad. 

And so it can be for obesity.  But as with smoking, the battle will take
decades, and the least educated members of society will be the hardest to
reach. 

In part this is because calories are cheap in America.  For this we can
blame the food companies and their marketing.  We can even blame the
government whose agricultural subsidies artificially reduce the price of
grains, sugar and other staples. 

But overriding all these is the power of the individual to choose, and I
believe that in the long run, increased societal education will help
people make the right choices. 

Today seven states require body mass index (BMI) report cards for
students, and while I don’t like the fact that it’s required, I do believe
the self-knowledge gained will help children and their parents begin to
address the issue. 

There’s movement afoot to require calorie information in restaurants, just
as we have on packaged foods, and I believe that would help, but I think
it should be voluntary. 

Public service ads were instrumental in educating people about the dangers
of smoking, and so it can be with foods, emphasizing the value of smaller
portions, and greater proportions of fruits and vegetables. 

Yes, there’s great value in exercise, a commodity in reduced supply in a
world awash in televisions, computers and video games.  But I believe a
change in eating habits, grounded in education about the health benefits
of eating right, is a far more powerful lever in combating obesity. 

As for investment plays, over the years, we’ve recommended stocks like
Weight Watchers, Nutrisystem. Lifeway and Usana when they were attractive
and I have no doubt we’ll recommend others in the future.  This is a
mass-market problem with the potential to bring big profits to the
companies that provide a solution.  But today there’s nothing on our radar
screen worth mentioning. 

Yours in pursuit of wisdom and wealth, 

Timothy Lutts 
Publisher 
Cabot Wealth Advisory

-----
Cabot Wealth Advisory, a free thrice-weekly e-mail service brought to you
by the Cabot family of investment newsletters. To learn more or subscribe,
see: http://www.cabotwealth.com

Are you having trouble receiving your Cabot Wealth Advisory?  You can
ensure its arrival in your mailbox here:
http://www.cabotwealth.com/whitelist

To learn more about Tim Lutts, visit our site:
http://www.cabotwealth.com/lutts

We appreciate your feedback. Follow the link below to fill out our survey:
http://mail.cabot-online.com/subscribe/survey?f=448

Our writers and contributors welcome your questions and comments. If you
have a particular area of expertise you'd like to share insight on, we'd
love to hear it. Simply reply to this e-mail with the word 'Question' or 
'Comment' in the subject of your reply. 

The reply address is not for issues regarding customer service...you may
or may not receive a reply. If we include any of your comments, we'll
credit you, of course. If you wish to remain anonymous, we'll protect your
privacy.

For customer service issues, you can email us at customerservice@cabotwealth.com

---

Please note: We sent this e-mail to: avcooper@speedy.uwaterloo.ca because you subscribed
to this service.

To end your Cabot Wealth Advisory e-mail subscription, visit this address:

 http://mail.cabot-online.com/u?id=13148861R&o=193285&l=cwa-eletter

To cancel by mail or for any other subscription issues, write us at:
   
Cabot Heritage Corporation
P.O. Box 2049
176 North Street 
Salem, MA 01970

---

ALL CONTENTS OF THIS E-MAIL ARE COPYRIGHT 2007 BY CABOT HERITAGE
CORPORATION. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED: REPRODUCING ANY PART OF THIS DOCUMENT IS
PROHIBITED WITHOUT THE EXPRESS WRITTEN CONSENT OF CABOT HERITAGE
CORPORATION.

Protected by U.S. Copyright Law {Title 17 U.S.C. Section 101 et seq.,
Title 18 U.S.C. Section 2319}: Infringements can be punishable by up to
five years in prison and $250,000 in fines.

LEGAL DISCLAIMER:  Neither Cabot Heritage Corporation nor its
employees are compensated in any way by the companies whose stocks we
recommend.  We may or may not buy and sell securities mentioned.
Sources of information are believed to be reliable, but they are in no
way guaranteed to be complete or without error. Recommendations,
opinions or suggestions are given with the understanding that readers
acting on information assume all risks involved.

