From bounce-158141-13148861@cabotmail.net  Mon Apr 16 16:21:47 2007
Return-Path: <bounce-158141-13148861@cabotmail.net>
Received: from cabotmail.net (cabotmail.net [69.25.193.100])
	by speedy.uwaterloo.ca (8.12.8/8.12.5) with SMTP id l3GKLl0I018347
	for <avcooper@speedy.uwaterloo.ca>; Mon, 16 Apr 2007 16:21:47 -0400
Message-Id: <200704162021.l3GKLl0I018347@speedy.uwaterloo.ca>
From: Timothy Lutts <TimothyLutts@cabotwealth.com>
To: avcooper@speedy.uwaterloo.ca
Subject: Cabot Wealth Advisory 4/16/07 - Three Tactics to Make More Money
Date: Mon, 16 Apr 2007 16:15:00 -0400
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="ISO-8859-1"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
Reply-To: TimothyLutts@cabotwealth.com
Status: O
Content-Length: 15582
Lines: 320

April 16,  2007

Salem, Massachusetts

By Mike Cintolo

---------------------

Featuring Mike's Musings:

Hello Again!

Income funds yielding 8% to 10%

A New Market Timing Vehicle

The King of Video Games

--------------------

The last time I wrote to you, Tim was in China, the market had just taken
a hard right hook to the jaw, and I was thrown into duty as your honorary
Cabot Wealth Advisory writer.  Well, apparently the Grand Poobah (i.e.,
Tim) was so happy with mine and Paul's write-ups that we're now on spot
CWA duty.  (That's right:  I did a good job writing ... so now I have to
do more work.  Gotta love it!)  Seriously though, you'll be getting my
(and, separately, Paul's) latest thoughts once a month from here on,
giving Tim's fingers and brain a chance to recharge ... and giving us a
chance to ad-lib things a little bit.  For my part, I hope you enjoy my
ideas, but whether you do or not, all comments are welcome - just reply to
this letter, or give me a shout at mike@cabotwealth.com

-----

For this issue of the CWA, I'm going to attempt to provide something every
reader wants - methods and tools that can make you a better investor, and
hence, will help you make more money over time.  Now, I could list off a
couple of top-notch stocks, but heck, Tim does that in most issues.  So in
this space I'm going to chat about a couple of newer, unique investment
vehicles, and one little-followed investment tool, that are great ways to
accumulate profits.

Fair warning:  The first topic I'm going to write about concerns
income-oriented securities.  If you're a true-blue growth-stock investor,
skip down to the next section.  But if you're a bit older, maybe looking
for a couple of higher-yielding ideas, stick around.  

I'm not even 30 years young at this point, so I still have a shred of that
youthful exuberance we all start life with.  And that means my investments
tend to be aggressive, figuring I've got plenty of time (God willing!) to
make up for most monetary stumbles.  However, things do change, and as I
move through life (I just got engaged two and a half weeks ago!) I realize
those conservative old fogies I used to snicker at actually had some great
ideas, after all.

Even so, most bond-type investments don't appeal to me.  In my mind, I can
get 5% in a zero-risk money market fund.  So what's the use of jumping
into a bond that yields, say, 6%?  Am I really going to lock my money into
something that gives me an extra 1%?  No thank you.

Yet with the advent of exchange traded funds (dubbed ETFs), some new,
innovative high-yielding stuff has come on the market, including a batch
of covered call funds.  These are basically mutual funds that invest in a
bunch of big, steady, dividend-paying companies, and then sell call
options against their holdings.  For the uninitiated, selling a call
option means you're "betting" the stock will fall ... but by owning the
underlying stock, you're also "betting" the stock will rise.  The result
is a hedged position, where you're collecting money by selling the call
option, but also having a chance of participating in some upside.

Industry jargon aside, the bottom line is that some very respectable fund
companies offer these covered call funds (Eaton Vance, Blackstone, Nuveen,
etc.), most pay dividends monthly or quarterly, and most have annual
yields in the 8% to 10% range (before taxes).  Of course, the funds
themselves trade like stocks, and they can rise and fall depending on the
market, or interest rates.  In other words, there's no free lunch.  

Even so, these funds provide a steady stream of income over time, using a
method (covered-call writing) that's been proven to work for many years. 
So if you're looking for a solid, higher-yielding income investment, give
them a look; some of the symbols include JLA, JSN, EOS and EEF, but there
are many others.  I believe many income-seeking investors would benefit by
putting some money to work there.

---

>From the world of income-oriented securities, we now switch gears to
market timing, a subject that's  near and dear to my heart ... but is
unloved by many investors.  Of course, any major fund company's sales
letter will tell you that timing the market is nearly impossible.  That,
my friends, is a total lie.  What they really mean is that huge, unwieldy
mutual funds, which take weeks to build and sell off positions because of
their massive amount of funds, can't time the market.  But you, the
nimble, intelligent individual investor, can easily time the market ... if
you're looking at the right indicators.

Really, though, my experience is that many investors aren't interested in
market timing for two basic reasons.  The first is that they don't believe
they can make big money doing so.  Honestly, there used to be some truth
to that.  After all, if you buy the Dow at a market bottom, you might make
something like 10% or 15% during the next advance.  Not bad, but not
exactly the cat's meow, either.

But recently, new investment vehicles dubbed ProShares have hit the
market.  The cool thing about these:  They are leveraged to a bunch of
different major market indexes.  Said another way, you can buy an ETF that
moves as much as twice the Dow ... or buy one that moves the opposite of
twice the Dow!  For instance, if you purchase the Dow leveraged fund
(symbol DDM), it will generally go up about 2% every time the Dow goes up
1%.  And the reverse is true; it will fall 2% should the Dow lose 1% of
its value.  It's not exact, but in general, it's close.

Still, maybe the Dow is too slow-moving for you.  That's okay, because
there are ProShares that track the S&P 500 (SSO), the S&P MidCap 400 (MVV)
and even the volatile Nasdaq 100 (QLD).  There are also plenty of
industry-specific leveraged ProShares funds, though many of these aren't
nearly as liquid as the index-based ones.  Bottom line:  If you're
aggressive enough, you can make good money by timing the market ... if
you're following the right indicators.

Which brings us to the second reason most investors gloss over market
timing ... it's hard to do.  The fact is, market timing is difficult
because it's so contrary in nature; just as the news gets really bad (and
after you've suffered a few weeks of painful losses), the market usually
turns up ... and when all the news is good, the country is doing great and
you're making good money, the market usually turns down.

Put another way, if you time the market without a set of rules or
indicators, you'll never do it well, because your emotions will lead you
astray.  That's why, at Cabot, we rely on a choice few time-tested
indicators to keep us in the loop.  One of our best indicators:  the Cabot
Tides, which determines the market's intermediate-term trend of the market
by watching the movement of five of the market's major indexes (S&P 500,
Nasdaq, NYSE Composite, S&P 600 SmallCap and the Merrill Lynch 100 Tech
Index).  

It's not rocket science; the Tides just examine these indexes in relation
to their 25-day and 50-day moving averages.  Basically, when most of the
indexes are above the lines, it means the trend is up; a decisive break
below the lines, and it means the trend is down.  The results have been
terrific:  our last few signals have been a buy in October 2005 (great), a
sell in mid-May 2006 (excellent), a buy in mid-August 2006 (excellent), a
sell in late-February of this year (not good) ... and we just got a new
buy signal on April 4.  

Combined with some other indicators we're written about (Tim talked about
the Volume Blast-Off Indicator three weeks ago), the Tides are telling me
that an investment in some of these leveraged ProShares could turn a tidy
profit over the next couple of months.

----- Advertisement -----

Introducing Cabot Stock of the Month

A revolutionary investment advisory that brings you Wall Street's top
opportunity on a monthly basis, directly from the editors of Cabot Market
Letter, Cabot Top Ten Report, Cabot China & Emerging Markets Report, and
Cabot Benjamin Graham Value Letter.

Try It Risk Free for the Next 12 Months - Grow 50% or Pay Nothing!

To learn more, please visit this link:

http://cabotmail.net/t/158141/13148861/86/0/

------

Lastly, I wanted to share with you a timely tool that will help you find
some big-winning stocks.  (And, yes, I'll give you a stock that looks
buyable here.)  The tool is earnings gaps ... visible in the charts of
stocks that have just soared (or plunged) the day after their earnings
reports.  Now, you might think that stocks that have exploded higher on
their earnings are good sells; after all, the market usually overreacts,
so anything that moves up so quickly is likely to retrace its steps,
right?

Wrong.  Our studies have shown that if you have a stock with a good story
and good numbers, and if the market is generally looking fine (like now),
buying it as it gaps up 10%, 15% or more on earnings is actually the way
to go.  No joke!  I know what you're thinking ... that's it's too late to
buy after such a big move.  I thought the same thing when we began looking
into this phenomenon.  But my experience is that, seven out of ten times,
a stock will move higher in the weeks following a very strong earnings
move.

The reasoning is sound; when you see a stock soar 20% after a blowout
earnings report, it's telling you that perception among the big-money
crowd (mutual funds, pension funds, etc.) has instantly changed for the
better.  And because these funds take weeks to finish building a position,
the stock will usually continue higher following its strong move.

A recent example is GameStop (GME), a company I refer to as the King of
Video Games, which was featured in Cabot Top Ten last week.  
Fundamentally, GameStop is five-star material, as it's guaranteed to
benefit from all the new consoles (Nintendo Wii, Playstation 3, the new
Microsoft Xbox, etc.) that have been and will be introduced.  And it
recently digested the acquisition of Electronics Boutique, making it the
undisputed #1 player in the industry, with nearly 5,000 stores worldwide.

That set the stage for the firm's recent earnings report.  The numbers
were a bit better than expected, but what wowed the market were
management's comments.  CEO R. Richard Fontaine stated, "While we are in
the very early stages of another strong growth cycle, it is not a mirror
of the past. In fact, our 2007 guidance is based on our belief that this
cycle will be deeper, wider, and longer than any previous period of new
console introductions. From the technology powerhouses of Xbox 360 and
PS3, to the uniquely engaging ease of play and inventiveness of the Wii,
to the portability of the DS Lite, to the value of the PS2, there is a
product and a price range to stimulate the core and casual gamer, and
attract new customers to the video game experience.  No previous cycle has
had the diversity of console attributes currently in our stores; no
previous cycle has merged other technologies like HDTV, Wi-Fi, and MP3
attributes to make the gaming experience truly the best ever."

As for numbers, Fontaine predicted 40% earnings growth this year, and 25%
growth in both 2008 and 2009.  The result:  GME gapped up and out of a
long consolidation, soaring 11.4% the day after results on volume that was
a whopping five times its average.  (Read:  Big investors were buying a
ton.)  It's since moved up another couple of points, but I don't believe
it's nearly done.  You could buy a little here, or try to grab some on
normal weakness.

What are the common characteristics of earnings gap ups that fail?  Most
common are those that come when the market is trending down.  Second are
those that come after the stock has already enjoyed a big run-up the past
few months.  So, just FYI, your odds aren't as good if you're looking at a
stock that's moved straight up the past few months, and then soars on
earnings.

Anyway, with earnings season now upon us (we saw a big negative gap from
Research in Motion last week ... not good), keep your eyes open for
quality stocks that are gapping meaningfully higher (10% or more) on their
earnings reports.  They're fairly easy to spot (just look for the big
movers each day), and they can provide you with some good gains in quick
fashion.  

That's all for this week.  Until next time, best of luck, and don't forget
to write me with any comments or questions you may have.

Mike Cintolo
For Cabot Wealth Advisory

Editor's note: Mike Cintolo is the Editor of the Cabot Top Ten Report,
and Vice President of Investments, for Cabot Heritage Corporation.

Even when the broad market is weak, there are always some stocks going up,
and the best way to find them, and to learn why they're so strong, is to
read Cabot Top Ten Report, which every Monday shoots an email to your
inbox detailing the fundamental and technical facts behind the ten
strongest stocks in the market.  Mike's momentum-based stock-picking
system has no biases. It doesn't dislike commodities, or chip sectors, or
housing stocks. If a stock is leading the market upward, Mike Cintolo will
sniff it out.

To learn more visit the link below.

http://cabotmail.net/t/158141/13148861/81/0/

-----

Cabot Wealth Advisory, a free thrice-weekly e-mail service brought to you
by the Cabot family of investment newsletters. To learn more or subscribe,
see: http://www.cabotwealth.com

Are you having trouble receiving your Cabot Wealth Advisory?  You can
ensure its arrival in your mailbox here:
http://www.cabotwealth.com/whitelist

To learn more about Tim Lutts, visit our site:
http://www.cabotwealth.com/lutts

We appreciate your feedback. Follow the link below to fill out our survey:
http://mail.cabot-online.com/subscribe/survey?f=448

Our writers and contributors welcome your questions and comments. If you
have a particular area of expertise you'd like to share insight on, we'd
love to hear it. Simply reply to this e-mail with the word 'Question' or 
'Comment' in the subject of your reply. 

The reply address is not for issues regarding customer service...you may
or may not receive a reply. If we include any of your comments, we'll
credit you, of course. If you wish to remain anonymous, we'll protect your
privacy.

For customer service issues, you can email us at customerservice@cabotwealth.com

---

Please note: We sent this e-mail to: avcooper@speedy.uwaterloo.ca because you subscribed
to this service.

To end your Cabot Wealth Advisory e-mail subscription, visit this address:

 http://mail.cabot-online.com/u?id=13148861R&o=158141&l=cwa-eletter

To cancel by mail or for any other subscription issues, write us at:
   
Cabot Heritage Corporation
P.O. Box 2049
176 North Street 
Salem, MA 01970

---

ALL CONTENTS OF THIS E-MAIL ARE COPYRIGHT 2007 BY CABOT HERITAGE
CORPORATION. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED: REPRODUCING ANY PART OF THIS DOCUMENT IS
PROHIBITED WITHOUT THE EXPRESS WRITTEN CONSENT OF CABOT HERITAGE
CORPORATION.

Protected by U.S. Copyright Law {Title 17 U.S.C. Section 101 et seq.,
Title 18 U.S.C. Section 2319}: Infringements can be punishable by up to
five years in prison and $250,000 in fines.

LEGAL DISCLAIMER:  Neither Cabot Heritage Corporation nor its
employees are compensated in any way by the companies whose stocks we
recommend.  We may or may not buy and sell securities mentioned.
Sources of information are believed to be reliable, but they are in no
way guaranteed to be complete or without error. Recommendations,
opinions or suggestions are given with the understanding that readers
acting on information assume all risks involved.

