From owner-MORNINGGRIND*ktwarwic**SPEEDY*-UWATERLOO*-CA@CNNIMAIL23.CNN.COM  Thu Jun  7 08:39:11 2007
Return-Path: <owner-MORNINGGRIND*ktwarwic**SPEEDY*-UWATERLOO*-CA@CNNIMAIL23.CNN.COM>
Received: from cnnimail21.cnn.com (cnnimail21.cnn.com [64.236.25.78])
	by flax9.uwaterloo.ca (8.12.8/8.12.5) with ESMTP id l57CdAhB002203
	for <ktwarwic@SPEEDY.UWATERLOO.CA>; Thu, 7 Jun 2007 08:39:11 -0400
Received: from cnnimail23 (cnnimail23.turner.com) by cnnimail21.cnn.com (LSMTP for Windows NT v1.1b) with SMTP id <26.00062737@cnnimail21.cnn.com>; Thu, 7 Jun 2007 8:41:00 -0400
X-mailed-to: ktwarwic@SPEEDY.UWATERLOO.CA
X-To: morninggrind#*#ktwarwic@SPEEDY.UWATERLOO.CA
Message-Id: <20070607083902.morninggrind@mail.cnn.com>
From: "CNN Political Ticker" <politicalticker@cnn.com>
To: ktwarwic@flax9.UWATERLOO.CA
Date: Thu, 7 Jun 2007 08:40:28 -0400
Subject: CNN Political Ticker AM, Thursday, June 7, 2007
Content-transfer-encoding: 8bit
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1
Mime-Version: 1.0

For the latest, breaking political news, check for updates throughout the day on the CNN Political Ticker
http://www.cnn.com/ticker. All politics, all the time.

Compiled by Stephen Bach (stephen.bach@cnn.com)
CNN Washington Bureau

Making news today...

* "A fragile compromise that would legalize millions of unlawful immigrants risks coming unraveled after the Senate
voted early Thursday to place a five-year limit on a program meant to provide U.S. employers with 200,000 temporary
foreign workers annually." (AP)

"Sources indicated early Thursday morning that the already delicately crafted deal was on life support heading into
today's expected vote to close off debate." (Roll Call)

* "The fate of convicted former White House aide I. Lewis "Scooter" Libby has thrown a twist into the race for the
Republican presidential nomination, forcing candidates to make an awkward choice between loyalty to a party stalwart
and the GOP's long-held reverence for the rule of law." (Los Angeles Times)

Rudy Giuliani's remark that the Libby sentence was "grossly excessive" at Tuesday's CNN/WMUR/Union Leader debate
"prompted skepticism from some legal and political scholars, who said it was at odds with Mr. Giuliani's record as an
aggressive prosecutor and a tough-on-crime mayor." (New York Sun)

* "The future of the Ames Republican straw poll was cast into doubt Wednesday after first Rudy Giuliani and then John
McCain decided to skip the high-profile summer warm-up to Iowa's leadoff presidential nominating caucuses."

Mitt Romney "has enjoyed an organizational edge in Iowa," and Romney IA chairman Spie Gross characterized the
Giuliani/McCain decision "as a victory for the campaign." (Des Moines Register)

* And Bill Richardson is no varmint hunter.  The NM Gov has bagged an oryx.  A what?  Find out in Hot Topics below!

President's Schedule:

* President Bush spends the day in Heiligendamm, Germany, for the G8 summit.

Also on the Political Radar:

* The Senate Armed Services Committee holds a 9:30 am ET confirmation hearing on Lt. General Spielas Lute to be
assistant to the president and deputy national security adviser for Iraq and Afghanistan.

* Bill Richardson participates in the SEIU Walk a Day in My Shoes Program at 10:30 am ET.  Richardson "will join an
employee of the Clark County Department of Family Services for office visits, meeting with local families and a tour of
the Child Haven facility." (Release)

* Rudy Giuliani addresses the Police Officers Association of Michigan at 11:45 am in Grand Rapids, MI. He later speaks
to the International Association of Airport & Seaport Police at 8 pm ET in DC.

* Sen. Barack Obama (D-IL) is a witness at a 2 pm ET Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on the prevention of deceptive
practices and voter intimidation in federal elections.

* Mitt Romney speaks to the Board of Directors of the National Association of Home Builders at 4 pm ET at the
Washington Hilton.

* Sen. John McCain (R-AZ) addresses the New York Police Department Honor Legion's 97th Annual Award Dinner at 7:30 pm
ET.

* Sec. of State Condoleezza Rice speaks at the Economic Club of New York's Centennial Celebration Dinner.

* The Senate Radio-Television Correspondents' Gallery Daybook: http://www.senate.gov/galleries/radiotv/list.htm

* The House Radio-Television Correspondents' Gallery Daybook: http://radiotv.house.gov/news-events.aspx

=================================================================
Political Hot Topics
(Today's top political stories from news organizations across the country)

BUSH, PUTIN TO MEET ON "SIDELINES" OF G8: President Bush said he hoped to convince Russian President Vladimir Putin on
Thursday that a Europe-based U.S. missile defense system is not an issue either side should "be hyperventilating
about." Bush and Putin are seeing each other here for the first time since they clashed over U.S. plans for a missile
shield flared into Cold War-style rhetoric. With U.S.-Russia relations at their lowest point in decades, Putin and Bush
will sit down Thursday on the sidelines of a summit of the world's eight major industrialized democracies being held at
this seaside resort. The United State says the shield targets a potential Iranian nuclear weapon, not Russian ones.
Russia retorts that's an "insufficient" explanation. Putin has warned that a new shield could require Russia to
retarget missiles toward Europe or take other buildup measures. AP via Yahoo! News: Will Bush-Putin meeting be tense?
http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20070607/ap_on_re_eu/bush

VP "MORE CLOSELY INVOLVED THAN PREVIOUSLY KNOWN" IN WIRETAPS DEBATE: Vice President Cheney told Justice Department
officials that he disagreed with their objections to a secret surveillance program during a high-level White House
meeting in March 2004, a former senior Justice official told senators yesterday. The meeting came one day before White
House officials tried to get approval for the same program from then-Attorney General John D. Ashcroft, who lay
recovering from surgery in a hospital, according to former deputy attorney general James B. Comey. Comey's disclosures,
made in response to written questions from the Senate Judiciary Committee, indicate that Cheney and his aides were more
closely involved than previously known in a fierce internal battle over the legality of the warrantless surveillance
program. Washington Post: Official: Cheney Urged Wiretaps
http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2007/06/06/AR2007060602297.html

CHOICE FOR WAR CZAR SAYS "HE HAD BEEN SKEPTICAL" ABOUT SURGE: Lt. Gen. Spielas Lute, picked by President Bush as his
White House war adviser, said Wednesday he had been skeptical of Bush's decision to send thousands more U.S. troops
into Iraq. In a written response to questions by the Senate Armed Services Committee, Lute confirmed news reports that
he had voiced doubts during a White House-led policy review that led to Bush's Jan. 10 announcement that 21,500 more
combat troops would go to Baghdad and Anbar province. The buildup was hotly contested in Congress, including among
several Republicans who favored greater pressure on Iraqi security forces to take over combat. "During the review, I
registered concerns that a military 'surge' would likely have only temporary and localized effects unless it were
accompanied by counterpart 'surges' by the Iraqi government and the other, nonmilitary agencies of the U.S.
government," Lute wrote in a document obtained by The Associated Press. AP via Yahoo! News: Bush war adviser was
skeptical on Iraq http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20070607/ap_on_go_co/war_adviser

IMMIGRATION DEAL "ON LIFE SUPPORT": In what many view as a near deal-killer to the Senate's massive immigration reform
bill, Senators cleared a controversial amendment late Wednesday night to sunset guest worker provisions in the measure.
Sources indicated early Thursday morning that the already delicately crafted deal was on life support heading into
today's expected vote to close off debate. The amendment, sponsored by Sen. Byron Dorgan (D-N.D.), passed the chamber
49-48. It would place a five-year limit on the immigration bill's provision to allow 200,000 temporary workers per
year. If Senators fail to invoke cloture to move toward final passage today, Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) must
decided whether to pull the measure from the floor -- which he has previously said he would -- or give it more time.
Roll Call: Guest Worker Amendment Puts Immigration Bill in Peril
http://www.rollcall.com/issues/1_1/breakingnews/18815-1.html

BUSH "SURPRISED" ABOUT ANGRY REACTION TO GA IMMIGRATION REMARKS: President Bush did not intend to single out his
conservative supporters for criticism in a speech on immigration reform last week and was "surprised" that his remarks
angered Republicans, White House spokesman Tony Snow said yesterday. "He was surprised by the reaction," Mr. Snow said
of Mr. Bush's speech in Glynco, Ga., last week. "The speech in Georgia was, 'We've got a serious problem, and we need
to fix it.' It was not in any way designed to be pointed at Republicans." But conservative opponents of a Senate
immigration bill supported by Mr. Bush reacted furiously to the president's suggestion that they are resorting to scare
tactics by using the word "amnesty" in referring to the measure that would allow millions of illegal aliens to remain
in the United States. Washington Times: White House surprised at GOP anger over speech
http://www.washingtontimes.com/national/20070607-123059-3709r.htm

OBAMA, GRAHAM GO AT IT OVER IMMIGRATION AMENDMENT: Presidential politics and partisan resentments reached a boil in the
Senate Wednesday night, as a heated exchange between Sens. Barack Obama and Lindsey Graham erupted on the chamber floor
and continued in a nearby corridor. Senators had been debating a contentious immigration overhaul for hours when Obama
— the Illinois Democrat running for president — introduced an amendment that would end a key provision after five years
rather than 14. His target was a proposed point system that would make it easier for would-be immigrants to obtain
visas based on their education levels or work skills rather than on having close relatives already living in the United
States... The amendment infuriated Graham, a South Carolina Republican with close ties to another presidential hopeful,
Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz. Pacing the Senate floor and waving Obama's amendment, Graham loudly accused Obama of
undermining a delicate agreement whose advocates have shown political courage. AP via Yahoo! News: Obama, Graham trade
barbs in Senate http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20070607/ap_on_go_co/immigration_obama_graham

FBI ASKS STEVENS TO PRESERVE DOCS FOR AK CORRUPTION PROBE: Sen. Ted Stevens, the longest-serving Republican in the
Senate, disclosed in an interview that the FBI asked him to preserve records as part of a widening investigation into
Alaskan political corruption that has touched his son and ensnared one of his closest political confidants and
financial backers. Stevens, who is famous for bringing home federal earmarks for Alaska when he was Appropriations
Committee chairman, was not previously known to be linked to the Justice Department's probe, which has uncovered
evidence that more than $400,000 worth of bribes were given to state lawmakers in exchange for favorable energy
legislation. Investigators have used secret recording equipment, seized documents and cooperating witnesses to secure
the indictments of four current and former state lawmakers, including the former state House speaker, shaking the core
of Alaska's Republican Party. Washington Post: Sen. Stevens Told to Keep Records for Graft Probe
http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2007/06/06/AR2007060602851.html

SCANDALS OPEN "KEY VACANCIES" ON "PRIZED COMMITTEES": Indictments and corruption scandals can mean one member of
Congress's demise but become another's bounty, with key vacancies created on prized committees when ethics probes force
lawmakers to step aside. Take Rep. William J. Jefferson (D), the New Orleans lawmaker indicted Monday in a sprawling
16-count accusation of illegal global dealmaking. Already pushed off a key panel last June -- the Ways and Means
Committee, with international trade oversight -- Jefferson was forced to resign Tuesday from the one assignment he had
left, on the less glamorous Small Business Committee. In addition, Jefferson's hope of obtaining a seat on the Homeland
Security Committee, which had been approved by House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) but never brought to a floor vote,
went up in indictment smoke as well. This has created a just-beneath-the-radar jockeying among Democrats to grab a spot
on the Homeland Security panel, which is just a few years old but has assumed a high profile after Hurricane Katrina
and amid the fight against terrorism. Washington Post: Opportunity in a Lawmaker's Fall
http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2007/06/06/AR2007060602346.html

GIULIANI TO LAY OUT HEALTH PLAN: Former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani, moving his presidential campaign beyond its
signature issue of national security, is preparing to lay out a health-care plan that would mark a significant change
in how health insurance is paid for in the U.S. Mr. Giuliani, currently leading opinion polls for the 2008 Republican
nomination, wants to move tens of millions of people from employer-based health insurance to the individual market as a
way of giving people more coverage choices. It is an idea he alluded to in Tuesday's Republican debate in Manchester,
N.H., and later expanded on in an interview. Wall Street Journal: Giuliani Health Proposal Seeks Individual Coverage
http://online.wsj.com/article/SB118117722127727221.html

BRACEWELL & GIULIANI'S STEM CELL LOBBYING ANGERS CONSERVATIVES: Former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani's law firm,
Bracewell & Giuliani LLP, has lobbied Congress on stem cell research for Johns Hopkins Institutions, according to its
public filing. This has drawn fire from social conservatives because Johns Hopkins's stance on stem cell research
appears to conflict with Giuliani's stated position. "We believe Giuliani's firm may be lobbying in favor of H.R. 2560,
a bill that would allow the creation and destruction of human embryos for research purposes," said Joseph Cella,
president of Fidelis America, a conservative Catholic organization, who yesterday raised concerns over the lobbying
records. "It is important for the public to know if Giuliani's firm is lobbying for this, or any other policies, that
would promote embryo-destructive research. The Hill: Lobbying by Rudy's firm draws fire
http://thehill.com/leading-the-news/lobbying-by-rudys-firm-draws-fire-2007-06-07.html

TOUCH DECISION ON LIBBY FOR GOP FIELD: The fate of convicted former White House aide I. Lewis "Scooter" Libby has
thrown a twist into the race for the Republican presidential nomination, forcing candidates to make an awkward choice
between loyalty to a party stalwart and the GOP's long-held reverence for the rule of law. The issue erupted during
Tuesday night's GOP debate in New Hampshire, hours after Libby was sentenced to 2 1/2 years in prison for his role in
the CIA leak case — reflecting an intensifying debate in Republican circles over whether President Bush should pardon
Libby before he would have to report to prison. Former New York Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani, unleashing a fiery
soliloquy, called Libby's sentence an "excessive punishment" and said U.S. District Judge Reggie B. Walton's order
"argues more in favor of a pardon." Pressure also is coming from likely candidate Fred D. Thompson, a former Tennessee
senator who said in a TV appearance that if he were president, he would "absolutely" pardon Libby because the former
aide was the victim of a "gross injustice." Thompson sits on the advisory board of Libby's defense fund. Los Angeles
Times: Libby pardon poses quandary for GOP hopefuls
http://www.latimes.com/news/politics/la-na-libby7jun07,0,3668934.story

LIBBY PARDON COMMENTS "A DEPARTURE" FOR TOUGH PROSECUTOR GIULIANI: Mayor Giuliani's strong criticism of a federal
judge's 30-month prison sentence for I. Lewis Libby Jr. signals a departure for the Republican presidential hopeful and
former prosecutor, who had previously shied away from speculating about the case. In response to a question at the GOP
debate Tuesday night, Mr. Giuliani called the punishment "grossly excessive," a position that aligns him with many
conservatives but prompted skepticism from some legal and political scholars, who said it was at odds with Mr.
Giuliani's record as an aggressive prosecutor and a tough-on-crime mayor. "I think the sentence was way out of line,"
Mr. Giuliani said when asked if a presidential pardon would be appropriate for Libby. New York Sun: Giuliani's Libby
Comments Signal New Attitude http://www.nysun.com/article/56100

MASTERS OF THE "THE ARCANE PRESIDENTIAL ART" OF THE IOWA CAUCUSES: [Hillary Clinton's] campaign repeated at every turn
that it was serious about Iowa, pointing out that she had been spending a lot of time in the state. But on Tuesday, it
offered the ultimate sign of its intentions: It promoted Teresa Vilmain. Vilmain, 48, has been a near-legend among
caucus operatives since she ran Michael S. Dukakis's Iowa campaign two decades ago at the age of 28. She was raised on
Iowa politics, watching as her mother held Democratic caucuses in their Cedar Falls home. With her long skirts and her
long hair pulled atop her head, she could be mistaken for an English professor. But she strides into rooms as if tilted
against a gale, speaks in the staccato delivery of a ward boss, and never ends a meeting without "action items" for
everyone present. Washington Post: They Know How to Caucus
http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2007/06/06/AR2007060602852.html

TOP GOP CONTENDERS TO SKIP IA STRAW POLL: The future of the Ames Republican straw poll was cast into doubt Wednesday
after first Rudy Giuliani and then John McCain decided to skip the high-profile summer warm-up to Iowa's leadoff
presidential nominating caucuses. The former New York mayor's morning announcement that he planned to bypass the early
test of strength prompted McCain, an Arizona senator, to abandon his plans for the Aug. 11 event. "In light of today's
news, it is clear that the Ames straw poll will not be a meaningful test of the leading candidates' organizational
abilities," McCain's national campaign manager Terry Nelson said in a statement. "So we have decided to forgo our
participation in the event." Campaign aides to Giuliani and McCain, who have led the field in national GOP surveys,
said they intended to compete for the January caucuses. Des Moines Register: Giuliani, McCain ditch Republican straw
poll http://desmoinesregister.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=/20070607/NEWS09/706070403/1056

TEAM OBAMA IS A FUNDRAISING "LEGEND": Only a few months ago, political operatives were speculating whether Sen. Barack
Obama could come close to Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton's daunting fundraising machine. Now Team Obama is the legend, and
the question is whether the junior senator from New York can keep up. Obama raised a surprising $25 million in the
first three months of this year -- only $1 million short of Clinton's haul, which was more than triple the record for
that period in a presidential campaign. But was that Obama's personal best? Could the senator from Illinois exceed that
in the fundraising period that closes June 30? Will he surpass the $29 million that then-Texas Gov. George W. Bush
raised in the second quarter of 1999, during his first presidential election cycle? The Politico: Obama's quests for
'eye-popping' cash http://www.politico.com/news/stories/0607/4379.html

GINGRICH PLAYS ODDS MAKER FOR '08 BID: Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich gives himself 4-to-1 odds against running for
president, an assessment that conflicts with his recent pronouncements about seeking the Republican nomination. Last
month, Gingrich said "it is a great possibility" that he would pursue the presidency. But he told The Associated Press
this week he would give it "4-to-1 odds" against, saying he enjoys being a pundit and book author. Gingrich outlined
his decision-making process to the AP: After holding national Internet-based workshops on Sept. 27 and 29, he will
decide whether to form an exploratory committee on Sept. 30. If he does form a committee, he will decide whether to run
by Nov. 6, about one year from Election Day 2008. His comments came during a book signing for "Paper Kills:
Transforming Health and Healthcare with Information Technology," which was published by Gingrich's health care think
tank. AP via Yahoo! News: Gingrich: 4-1 odds against GOP bid http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20070606/ap_on_el_pr/gingrich

FRED THOMPSON THE LOBBYIST: When Fred Thompson was investigating alleged campaign-finance abuses as chairman of the
Senate Governmental Affairs committee in 1997, one of his targets was Harold Ickes — a top aide and fundraiser for
President Clinton. Over the past three years, though, the former Republican senator and the Democratic powerbroker were
on the same side of a big legislative battle. Both were part of a team of lobbyists for Equitas Ltd., a British
reinsurance company set up to handle billions of dollars in claims by asbestos victims, lobbying records show. That
unlikely pairing offers an insight into Thompson, 64, who declared his interest last week in running for president.
Although the folksy-sounding Tennessean recently told USA TODAY that he would run an outsider, just as he did while
campaigning as a "country lawyer" in a red pickup during his 1994 U.S. Senate race, his résumé is that of a longtime
Washington operative who has crossed ideological lines to represent corporate and foreign clients. Before he was
elected to the Senate, Thompson spent nearly two decades in Washington as a lawyer-lobbyist, representing such entities
as Westinghouse, the deposed leader of Haiti, the Teamsters Union pension fund and the Tennessee Savings and Loan
Association, according to Senate records and published accounts. USA Today: Past as lobbyist may play into future as
candidate http://www.usatoday.com/printedition/news/20070607/a_thompson07.art.htm

RICHARDSON THE HUNTER: Bill Richardson - governor, presidential candidate, hunter - is a good shot, and he has the prey
to prove it. "I would call myself a recreational hunter. I am not an avid hunter or an expert hunter," Richardson said
in a recent interview with The Associated Press. The New Mexico governor says hunting is just a hobby and he's still a
novice since he took it up in earnest only about four years ago, when he became governor of New Mexico. Fellow hunters
praise his skills. Richardson has bagged traditional game - such as elk and turkey - and stalked the exotic. He shot an
oryx, a long-horned antelope native to Africa, during a guided outing in 2005 on a New Mexico ranch owned by media
mogul Ted Turner. He owns a 12-gauge Browning over-and-under shotgun, which he's used for hunting birds, including
quail and dove. Richardson also owns a 9 mm semiautomatic pistol, which is not for hunting, but he has a state permit
to carry it concealed. He's borrowed rifles to hunt big game such as elk, deer and the oryx. AP via Yahoo! News:
Richardson adept as recreational hunter http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20070607/ap_on_el_pr/richardson_the_hunter


You have agreed to receive this email from CNN.com as a result of your CNN.com preference settings.
To manage your settings go to
http://audience.cnn.com/services/cnn/memberservices/member_auth.jsp?url=http%3A%2F%2Faudience.cnn.com%2Fservices%2Fcnn%2Fmemberservices%2Fregwall%2Fmember_profile.jsp%3Fsource%3Dcnn

To unsubscribe from the CNN Political Ticker list, go to
http://cgi.cnn.com/m/clik?e=ktwarwic@SPEEDY.UWATERLOO.CA&l=morninggrind

Cable News Network. One CNN Center, Atlanta, Georgia 30303
(c)2007 Cable News Network.
A Time Warner Company.
All Rights Reserved.

