From ip-health-admin@lists.essential.org  Sun May 13 04:28:50 2007
Return-Path: <ip-health-admin@lists.essential.org>
Received: from lists.essential.org (venice.essential.org [65.222.215.36])
	by flax9.uwaterloo.ca (8.12.8/8.12.5) with ESMTP id l4D8SnqD006212
	for <ktwarwic@flax9.uwaterloo.ca>; Sun, 13 May 2007 04:28:49 -0400
Received: from lists.essential.org (localhost.localdomain [127.0.0.1])
	by lists.essential.org (Postfix) with ESMTP
	id BD29FB3C8; Sun, 13 May 2007 04:28:42 -0400 (EDT)
Delivered-To: ip-health@lists.essential.org
Received: from keionline.org (keionline.org [69.5.15.206])
	by lists.essential.org (Postfix) with SMTP id B14B2B3CB
	for <ip-health@lists.essential.org>; Sun, 13 May 2007 04:13:11 -0400 (EDT)
Received: (qmail 29462 invoked from network); 13 May 2007 08:13:10 -0000
X-Originating-IP: [81.62.138.119]
Mime-Version: 1.0 (Apple Message framework v752.2)
Message-Id: <908F12C5-DBBA-4333-A186-8FBFE88A73F5@keionline.org>
To: Ip-health <ip-health@lists.essential.org>
From: James Packard Love <james.love@keionline.org>
X-Mailer: Apple Mail (2.752.2)
content-type: text/plain;
 charset=WINDOWS-1252;
 delsp=yes;
 format=flowed
Subject: [Ip-health] Spicy IP:  Delhi High Court on Preliminary injunctions and the presumption of validity of a 'new' patent
Sender: ip-health-admin@lists.essential.org
Errors-To: ip-health-admin@lists.essential.org
X-BeenThere: ip-health@lists.essential.org
Precedence: bulk
List-Help: <mailto:ip-health-request@lists.essential.org?subject=help>
List-Post: <mailto:ip-health@lists.essential.org>
List-Subscribe: <http://lists.essential.org/mailman/listinfo/ip-health>,
	<mailto:ip-health-request@lists.essential.org?subject=subscribe>
List-Id: Discussions of Intellectual Property and Health Care <ip-health.lists.essential.org>
List-Unsubscribe: <http://lists.essential.org/mailman/listinfo/ip-health>,
	<mailto:ip-health-request@lists.essential.org?subject=unsubscribe>
List-Archive: <http://lists.essential.org/pipermail/ip-health/>
X-Original-Date: Sun, 13 May 2007 04:13:11 -0400
Date: Sun, 13 May 2007 04:13:11 -0400
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
X-MIME-Autoconverted: from quoted-printable to 8bit by flax9.uwaterloo.ca id l4D8SnqD006212

http://spicyipindia.blogspot.com/2007/05/bilcare-decisions-by-delhi-
high-court.html

SPICY IP
A BLAWG DISCUSSING INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY LAWS AND INNOVATION POLICY
IN INDIA
Saturday, May 12, 2007
The Bilcare decisions by the Delhi High Court: Preliminary
injunctions and the presumption of validity of a 'new' patent

Two recent decisions of the Delhi High Court discuss the issue of
grant of interim/preliminary injunctions in patent infringement
disputes. The cases, M/S Bilcare v. M/S Amartara and M/S Bilcare v. M/
s Supreme Industries were both decided on March 20, 2007. The key
issues discussed in the decisions are:

(1) Whether there is any presumption in favor of the validity of the
patent for grant of preliminary/temporary injunction in favor of the
patentee?
(2) What are the grounds for grant of a preliminary injunction in a
patent infringement action.
(3) Whether no interim injunction could be granted if the validity of
the patent was challenged.
(a) The weight to be attached to the age of the patent when
determining whether or not an interlocutory injunction ought to be
granted


The Delhi High Court recently decided two appeals against interim
orders in patent infringement suits filed by Bilcare Limited. The two
suits, Bilcare Vs. Amritdhara, pending before the High Court of Delhi
and Bilcare Vs. Associated Capsules & Supreme Industries, pending
before the Delhi District Court (Tis Hazari), were both filed by the
same plaintiff (Bilcare) and have substantially the same facts.
Because it was almost impossible to understand the reason why Bilcare
filed suits in two different courts, I spoke with Mr. Manu TR, a
lawyer who has been closely associated with this matter, to get the
details. (For other summudles of the case, click here and here)

The summary of the explanation by Mr. Manu TR is as follows: Bilcare
filed the matters in different courts for strategic reasons. The suit
seeking ex parte injunction against Amritdhara was filed in the High
Court and Amritdhara opposed the same. In order to obtain a quick ex
parte injunction without having to face a possible caveat filed by
defendants, Bilcare filed the next two suits, against Associated
Capsules (a competitor) and Supreme Industries, in the District
Court– Tis Hazari. Usually, if the Defendant in an infringement
action counter claims for revocation of a patent, the entire suit is
transferred to the High Court. In the case against Associated
Capsules and Supreme Industries however, the case did not get
transferred to the High Court because Associated Capsules had already
filed an opposition proceeding (against Bilcare’s patent) before the
Controller of Patents.

Summary and Discussion of the case:

The invention: A multilayer thermoformable, translucent
pharmaceutical and food packaging film which has a core PVC layer, a
metallized layer and a third polymeric layer ranging from 0-250
microns, and which prevents moisture from entering the material
packaged using the same. Plaintiff (Bilcare) claimed that PVC films
made prior to its invention were incapable of preventing moisture
from passing through and were therefore unsuitable for packaging
medicines and vitamin tablets. The PVC invented by Plaintiff had the
additional quality that was highly desirable – it was translucent,
thereby allowing patients to identify them easily.

The dispute: The dispute arose when the defendants were found to be
manufacturing and marketing similar PVC films, which Bilcare alleges
is an infringement of their exclusive rights under the patent.
Pending the final decision of the cases, Bilcare obtained ex parte
injunctions against the defendants, which were later set aside on
motion by the defendants. Bilcare thereafter, filed appeals in the
High Court against the orders setting aside the ex parte injunctions.
The two cases are decided by Justice JM Malik and Justice Sanjay
Kishen Kaul respectively. The judges reach the same conclusion,
albeit on different reasoning, that in the facts of the case, a
temporary injunction need not be granted.

A number of arguments were made for and against the grant of an
interlocutory injunction. The key arguments and holdings are
discussed hereunder. While I am discussing the arguments presented as
well as the decisions in the two cases together, I have, for the
purpose of convenience, identified the argument/holding as being from
the decision by Justice JM Malik (JMM) or by Justice Sanjay Kishen
Kaul (SKK).

Key Arguments and issues:

One of the main issued addressed in both cases is “whether there is
an any presumption in favor of the validity of the patent for grant
of temporary injunction in favor of the patentee?” (JMM) In both
decisions, the judges hold that there is no presumption of validity
of a patent. In support, they quote § 13(4) of the Indian Patent Act,
1970, which states that:

“The examination and investigation required under section 12 and this
section shall not be deemed in any way to warrant the validity of the
patent, and no liability shall be incurred by the Central Government
or any other officer thereof by reason of, or in connection with, any
such examination or investigation or any report or other proceedings
consequent thereon.”

A related issue was whether no interim injunction could be granted if
the validity of the patent was challenged. This issue was discussed
in relation to the age of the patent.

The courts looked at a number of decided cases. The JMM court quoted
from National Reseach Development Corporation v. Delhi Cloth and
General mills AIR 1980 Delhi 132: “It is also a rule of practice that
if a patent is a new one, a mere challenge at the bar would be quite
sufficient for a refusal of a temporary injunction but if the patent
is sufficiently old and has been worked the court would for the
purpose of temporary injunction, presume the patent to be valid one.
If the patent is more than 6 years old and there has been actual user
it would be safe for the court to proceed upon this presumption.”

The (SKK) court cited a number of cases as well as Kerr on Injunction
(2nd ed pg 320), which state that when the validity of a patent is
challenged and a revocation application is filed, no injunction
should be granted. However, it has also been held that once a
violation is established in a case of a registered patent, subject of
course to the patent being used, it would not be possible to contend
that the patentee is not entitled to an injunction. [Telemecanique
and Controls v. Schneider Electric 2002 (24) PTC 632 (Del)] (It is
interesting that this is the current law in India because the Bilcare
court does not over rule this holding in Telemecanique. This is
contrary to the holding in the Ebay decision last year where the US
Supreme Court put an end to the general rule that a permanent
injunction should follow a finding of infringement of a valid patent.
[See Comment here)

Other cases were also cited which state that the mere fact that a
patent is young (i.e. the grant was made recently) is on its own not
a sufficient ground to refuse an injunction. For example, the (JMM)
court cited the case Metro Plastic Industries v. Galaxy Footwear, New
Delhi (AIR 2000 Delhi 117), which held that merely because a
registration is recent, it is not by itself a ground for refusing an
injunction (although it could be one of the many factors considered).
After considering these cases, the court held that “it is not
sufficient for the grant of an injunction that a patent is registered
and the strength of the defense including the revocation application
have to be looked into.” (SKK)

Determining whether or not to grant an interlocutory injunction in
patent infringement actions:

The court (JMM) enumerated the following factors to be considered
while determining whether or not to grant an interlocutory injunction
in an alleged patent infringement action:

“Whether the Act [sic.] in question is really an invention. It is to
be proved that the device in question is new, non-obvious and
inventive.” From reading the case, it appears that this question may
be paraphrased as “whether the invention was a meritorious one that
truly deserved patent protection. In answering this question, the
court considered the prior art on record and came to the conclusion
that the plaintiff’s alleged invention cannot qualify as an invention
under the Patents Act because it was already known in the trade.

“Whether it is not of recent origin.” Quoting from M/S National
Research Development Corporation v. M/s Delhi Cloth and General
Mills, AIR 1980 Del 132, the court stated: “it is also a rule of
practice that if a patent is a new one, a mere challenge at the bar
would be quite sufficient for a refusal of a temporary injunction,
but if the patent is sufficiently old and has been worked, the court
would for the purpose of temporary injunction, presume the patent to
be valid one. If the patent is more than 6 years old and there has
been an actual user, it would be safe for the court to proceed upon
this presumption.” The court also stated that “it is settled law that
in an action for infringement of a patent, an injunction would not be
granted where the validity of the patent itself has been questioned
and a revocation petition has been filed.” [citing Niki Tasha India
v. M/S Faridabad Gas Gadgets AIR 1985 Delhi 136 at 140].

“Whether it pertains to a three layered product or a two layered
product.” This step seems to require a comparison of the patented
invention and the allegedly infringing product.

“Whether damages would provide adequate remedy should the claim
succeed.”
“Whether it would be proper for the appellate court to upset the
trial court order which has made its perspicacious judgment.” For
this issue, the court held that the “it would not be proper to upset
the well reasoned judgment of the trial court. The trial court has
meticulously checked the record for precision and clarity”

Other defenses
Issue of Mosaicing (SKK). In response to the allegation that the
patent was invalid as being obvious, the plaintiff submitted that the
argument of the defendant was based on “mosaicing” various prior art
documents, which is not a permissible means challenging the validity
of a patent. According to Terrel, “the mosaicing of individual
documents or prior uses is not permissible unless it can be shown
that the skilled person, confronted with a particular citation, would
turn to some other citation to supplement the information from the
first. Whether he would do so is a question of fact.” (Terrel on Law
of Patent (16th ed) as quoted in Technograph v. Mills and Rockley
[1972] RPC 346 at 355. The court further observed that when dealing
with non-obviousness, mosaicing is permissible but it must be a
mosaic that can be put together by an unimaginative man with no
inventive capacity.

The court did not accept the argument of mosaicing on the ground that
in the facts of the case, not only were the individual components
known, but so was a combination of the components. The court
therefore held that the invention was neither novel nor non-obvious.

Prosecution history and scope of specification: Another interesting
issue raised by the defense was that the plaintiff had expressly
disclaimed a two layered film during the US patent application
process by stating before the USPTO that its invention applies to
film containing at least three layers as a two layered film had been
patented as long back as 1975 (JMM – Para 5). The court did not
discuss the issue of prosecution history in the United States but did
look at the specification in the Indian patent which stated in
relevant part that “a multi layered film essentially comprising at
least three layers is developed…” Since the defendant’s product only
had two layers, it could not be an infringement. (SKK paragraph 80)

Non disclosure of material facts (SKK): The defendant claimed that
the invention is not novel because the plaintiff failed to disclose
that it was not manufacturing the product itself but was sourcing the
same from a Taiwanese corporation. The defendant also contended that
the plaintiff had started selling the product before filing a patent
application (thereby killing its novelty). In response, the plaintiff
claimed that the know how for manufacturing the product was given by
the plaintiff to the Taiwanese corporation and that the product it
was selling before applying for the patent was different from the
patented product. The court did not accept either of these arguments
and held that the original injunction was obtained without disclosing
the complete facts.

Considering the above arguments as well as the fact that the patent
was granted recently and there was a post grant opposition pending
against the grant of the patent, the court came to the conclusion
that the balance of convenience was in favor of vacating the
injunction. The court further stated that the interests of the
plaintiff can be protected by direction the defendant to keep
accounts of the same of the product in question during the pendency
of the suit and filing the same on a quarterly basis.

I was discussing this issue with Shamnad and he raised an interesting
question in the context of the Ebay decision: in the light of the
Ebay decision, what is the likely standard for permanent injunction
in India? Ebay, as many of you will recall, stated that injunctions
(even after the patent is found to be valid and infringed) are not a
matter of right. The Ebay court relied on the “traditional” “four-
factor test” for determining whether to issue a permanent injunction,
namely, that a plaintiff must demonstrate: (1) that it has suffered
an irreparable injury; (2) that remedies such as monetary damages,
are inadequate to compensate for that injury; (3) that, considering
the balance of hardships between the plaintiff and defendant, a
remedy in equity is warranted; and (4) that the public interest would
not be disserved by a permanent injunction. (See Comment on the Ebay
case) The court found that these familiar principles apply with equal
force to disputes arising under the Patent Act. The key 4th factor,
namely, “public interest” is one that the Bilcare courts did not
discuss. The traditional grounds for grant or refusal of a
preliminary injunction in India, are, (1) that the plaintiff
demonstrate that it has a prima facie case; (2) they must produce
prima facie evidence that there has been an infringement of their
patent by the defendant; and (3) that the balance of convenience is
in favour of the plaintiff. This is the standard applied in most
intellectual property cases as well. While it may be argued that
these considerations if met, will indirectly lead to a result that is
not contrary to public interest, none of the cases discussed by the
Courts in Bilcare expressly mention “public interest” as a factor in
determining whether or not to grant a preliminary injunction. I am
also not personally aware of any Indian case that discusses public
interest as a determining factor for the grant or refusal of
preliminary injunction. Any additional information on this is welcome.

Read More...

Summary only...

Posted by Mrinalini Kochupillai at 7:13 PM 0 comments Links to this post

Labels: Bilcare, ebay, Indian patent litigation, Patents, preliminary
injunction, presumption of validity


----------------------------------------------
James Packard Love
Knowledge Ecology International
mailto:james.love@keionline.org
tel. +1.202.332.2670 / U.S. mobile+1.202.361.3040, Geneva mobile
+41.76.413.6584

"If everyone thinks the same: No one thinks." Bill Walton"



_______________________________________________
Ip-health mailing list
Ip-health@lists.essential.org
http://lists.essential.org/mailman/listinfo/ip-health

