From bounce-186759-13148861@cabotmail.net  Thu May 24 16:22:13 2007
Return-Path: <bounce-186759-13148861@cabotmail.net>
Received: from cabotmail.net (cabotmail.net [69.25.193.100])
	by flax9.uwaterloo.ca (8.12.8/8.12.5) with SMTP id l4OKMCqD010360
	for <avcooper@speedy.uwaterloo.ca>; Thu, 24 May 2007 16:22:12 -0400
Message-Id: <200705242022.l4OKMCqD010360@flax9.uwaterloo.ca>
From: Timothy Lutts <TimothyLutts@cabotwealth.com>
To: avcooper@flax9.uwaterloo.ca
Subject: Cabot Wealth Advisory 5/24/07 - Wedding Season
Date: Thu, 24 May 2007 16:15:00 -0400
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="ISO-8859-1"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
Reply-To: TimothyLutts@cabotwealth.com

May 24, 2007

Salem, Massachusetts

By Timothy Lutts

-----

The Hungarian at the Wedding

Invest In This Credit Card Company For Long-Term Profits

My Favorite Chinese Solar Power Stock

-----

Last weekend I attended a wedding here in Salem.  The daughter of a friend
married a young man from Madrid, and I was fortunate to meet a number of
interesting young people, chiefly recent graduates of Johns Hopkins and
Yale, as well as a contingent from Spain.

With the Spaniards, I didn't get beyond the usual wedding pleasantries, no
surprise given the language barrier on both sides.

With the young American graduates, I did better.  Most interesting were a
couple of earnest young men trained in finance - one landed a job with
Morgan Stanley in London, while the other is working at Thomas H. Lee
Partners in Boston.  Bright young men, without question, and well-trained
in finding things to buy that will be worth more later.  But I got the
sense that while both will succeed at their jobs - at making money - they
have no purpose beyond that.   (Shades of the thoughts of Kevin Phillips, 
found in my Wealth Advisory of May 10)   With luck, greater purpose will 
come with maturity.

By far the most interesting guest at the wedding came from neither the
U.S. nor Spain but from Hungary.  His name is Laszlo Szekfu.  At 34, he's
one of Hungary's best-known Internet entrepreneurs.  He's also an adviser
to the Minister of Economy and Transport.  And he's using his networking
skills to build a biotechnology cluster around a promising vaccine for
HIV/AIDS. So why was he at the wedding?

For the past semester he's been a Yale World Fellow, which means he's been
paid to attend high-level classes at Yale while networking with 18 other
World Fellows as they work to increase global cooperation as well as
stimulate progress in their own countries.

When this young man was born, 34 years ago, Hungary was still controlled
by Communists and the future was bleak.  Today it's a member of the
European Union, still struggling with inflation and unemployment, but
expecting to adopt the Euro by 2014, if not by 2010.  And entrepreneurs
like Laszlo Szekfu are part of the reason.

But what does this have to do with investing?

Well, at the very least, it reminds me that it's a big world out there,
with a wide range of investment opportunities.  If you're limiting
yourself to American blue chips you're missing out on a lot of the fun.

More specifically, it reminds me that as Communism falls by the wayside in
various countries around the world, younger generations who are not
saddled by memories and habits learned in the "old days" are turning the
underused assets of their countries to good use, just as Laszlo is in
Hungary.

Holdouts to this trend are North Korea and Cuba . . . but the clock is
ticking.  And then there's China, which nominally is still Communist but,
practically speaking, is determinedly capitalistic.   

To me, this feels like a new model, and I think it's appropriate for a
country in transition.  What comes next for China no one knows - ideally a
far more educated populace, a representative democracy, free elections,
and a higher standard of living . . .  though not necessarily in that
order.

But regardless of whether Communism eventually withers in China, you can't
ignore the fact that today China's economy is booming along at a 10% rate,
more or less (the reliability of the figures is questionable), and
authorities are working hard to keep it from expanding faster.  Workers
are streaming from their farms into cities, where jobs are multiplying
rapidly.  And consumers are beginning to spend . . .which brings me to my
first stock, MasterCard.

MasterCard, of course, is a well-known name.  It's one of the top two
credit card companies in the world.  But it's no dinosaur; it's taking
full advantage of the globalization movement to leverage its brand, and
the results are apparent in the company's first quarter results, which
revealed a 19% increase in transactions over last year, a 24% increase in
revenues, and a 67% increase in earnings!

Those results touched of a wave of new buying a few weeks ago, which
earned the stock a place in Cabot Top Ten Report, and here's what we
said.

"MasterCard is a global brand, and a very profitable one.  It provides
services in more than 210 countries, serving over 25,000 financial
institutions.  Yet its business is not well understood by most consumers. 
MasterCard does not issue credit cards or set interest rates or annual
fees on cards or solicit merchants to use cards.  But it serves as a
liaison between financial institutions and merchants and the businesses
and customers that use its cards, taking a tiny fee for every payment
processed, and working hard to keep the system secure.  It even acts as an
advisor to all those parties, using its data-mining capabilities to tell
its partners how they can derive maximum benefit from the service. 
MasterCard's is a well established, robust business, with limited
competition, and it's only getting better.  Two factors we like in
particular: in recent quarters, revenue growth has been accelerating, and
in the latest quarter, the profit margin hit a plum 23.5%, the best in
years, if not ever.  Fundamentally, we also like the stock because it's
only been public for one year, so there are far more potential buyers -
especially among institutions - than sellers."

Looking deeper into the business, I see that MasterCard has been offering
services in China since 1998, and that its greatest growth in the first
quarter came from China, India and Brazil.  Looking forward, I expect more
of the same, so I recommend the stock as a long-term holding.

----- Advertisement -----

Our Next 10 Stocks Could Put You On Easy Street!

Cabot Top Ten Report comes to your email inbox once a week with capsule
analyses of the market's ten strongest stocks. Some are big, some are
small, some are young and some are old. Our job is to describe why each
one is strong, to give you an idea of how likely that strength is to
continue, and to provide a follow-up in each issue until we tell you to
sell.

It's the single best way we know to find great growth stocks in their
early stages . . . stocks like Hansen Natural, Titanium Metals and Ultra
Petroleum. To get started with a no-risk trial subscription, simply click
the link below.

http://cabotmail.net/t/186759/13148861/81/0/

-----

Now, some of you are going to look at this stock and say, "MasterCard is
trading for $140 a share.  I can't afford that!  Give me something that's
under $10." And I understand where you're coming from.

You think you have a better chance of making money in a stock that's
selling for under $10 than you do of making money in a stock that's
selling for $140.  But with all due respect, you're wrong.

Sure, the low-priced stock has the potential to make you money faster, but
it also has the potential to take your money away faster.  More
importantly, it is more likely to take your money away!

At bottom, it's a matter of quality.  The $140 stock, which is in an
uptrend, is supported by a growing number of institutions and by improving
perceptions, not to mention excellent fundamentals.

But most stocks selling under $10 got there by falling from above $10, and
that alone tells you something went wrong.  Furthermore, it suggests there
are shareholders still waiting to sell until the stock climbs back to
their buy price (so they get out even).  And it tells you there will
precious few institutional shareholders to provide stability for the
stock.

Consider, for example, three names from our past, going back as far as ten
years when we (and many other investors) thought hydrogen fuel cells were
the next big thing.  There was Ballard Power (BLDP), which had partnered
with Daimler and Ford to provide fuel cells for cars.   
And there were Fuel Cell Energy (FCEL) and Plug Power (PLUG), who were
working on fuel cells for stationary applications.

Have you seen any fuel cell-powered cars lately?  No, you see Toyota
Priuses.  And houses powered by hydrogen?  It's not happening.  In every
case, the hopes and dreams of both management and investors have failed to
come true.  As a result, all three stocks are trading in the single digits
(BLDP is 5, FCEL is 7 and PLUG is 3).

And commissions?  In the old days it may have mattered, but in the
Internet era it doesn't.  You can spend $150 buying one share of
MasterCard (assuming a $10 commission) or you can spend it buying 45
shares of Plug Power.  I think your chances are better with one share of
MasterCard.  (The symbol is MA.)

-----

And now that we're on energy, I can segue into a hot little energy stock
with great growth potential.

The background: China gets 70% of its energy from coal.  It burns 2.1
billion tons of coal per year, more than the U.S., E.U and Japan,
combined.  And this coal pollutes its air, which causes health problems

So there's a great demand for clean-energy solutions in China.  And
globally, there's growing demand - due to increased perceptions of global
warming - for energy sources that replace the burning of fossil fuels.

I've mentioned solar power companies before, and will likely mention them
again; I think this is a big growth market, and I like the rapid growth
these companies are experiencing today.  So today's topic is Trina Solar,
which stands out from the crowd because it's the one company in the
industry that's vertically integrated.

Here's what Paul Goodwin, editor of Cabot China & Emerging Markets Report,
wrote last month.

"Trina is working toward reducing the cost of solar cells in a number of
innovative ways.  First, Trina's proprietary formulas allow it to use scrap
silicon that has been discarded by other electronics and solar
manufacturers.  Back in 2000, when the solar industry used just 10% of the
world's silicon, this wasn't so important.  But solar has now surpassed
semiconductors as a silicon consumer, and the global shortage of
polysilicon feedstock has put pressure on all users.   
Since it takes 18 to 30 months to get a polysilicon plant up and running,
Trina's ability to use scrap is a major advantage.

"Trina's second big advantage: it's on the verge of becoming a totally
vertically integrated manufacturer, meaning that the company will soon
refine its own silicon feedstock, grow its own ingots, cut its own wafers,
manufacture its own cells, assemble its own modules, and install its own
systems, all at its fab site in Changzhou.

"Trina's third advantage is a little paradoxical.  It's that Trina is both
a young company, but also already a major player in the industry, with
long-term technology partnerships with companies in Switzerland, Italy and
Germany.

"Trina's ingot production facility became fully operational just in
October 2005, and wafer manufacturing began just in February 2006.   
By the end of 2006, the company had reached 28 megawatts (MW) of
production output; output capacity is projected to reach 150MW by the end
of 2007.

"Yet despite this relative youth, Trina has sales in Germany, Spain,
Italy, Norway and Australia in addition to its leadership in sales and
research into solar homes and industrial installations in China.

"There is no doubt that the generous subsidies offered by the German
government have had a huge effect on global solar production.  But
additional programs in California and renewed global interest in PV
electricity production are creating a wave of new customers."

Trina's revenues grew 194% in the first quarter to $42.6 million, while
earnings grew 57% to $0.22 per share, and I'm confident there's plenty
more growth ahead.

Finally - here's the timely part - TSL peaked at 69 in mid-April and then,
like all solar stocks, pulled back toward its 50-day moving average.  In
short, the solar stocks needed a rest from the heated environment that
followed their market-leading first quarter performance.  As I write, TSL
sits right on that 50-day moving average at 53, and I think this marks a
decent buying opportunity.

-----
Editor's Note

To get the latest recommendation on Trina Solar and other exciting
emerging-market stocks, try a no-risk subscription to Cabot China &
Emerging Markets Report.  When you do, you'll not only be sure of getting
regular buy-hold-sell advice on all previously recommended stocks, you'll
also get a regular monthly overview of the emerging markets landscape from
editor Paul Goodwin.

Cabot China & Emerging Markets Report was the top-performing investment
advisory service of 2006, with a gain of 76%, and it remains the top
performer over the past twelve months, with a gain of 28%.

To get started with a no-risk trial subscription, simply click the link
below.

http://cabotmail.net/t/186759/13148861/93/0/

-----

Yours in pursuit of wisdom and wealth,

Timothy Lutts
Publisher
Cabot Wealth Advisory

-----

Cabot Wealth Advisory, a free thrice-weekly e-mail service brought to you
by the Cabot family of investment newsletters. To learn more or subscribe,
see: http://www.cabotwealth.com

Are you having trouble receiving your Cabot Wealth Advisory?  You can
ensure its arrival in your mailbox here:
http://www.cabotwealth.com/whitelist

To learn more about Tim Lutts, visit our site:
http://www.cabotwealth.com/lutts

We appreciate your feedback. Follow the link below to fill out our survey:
http://mail.cabot-online.com/subscribe/survey?f=448

Our writers and contributors welcome your questions and comments. If you
have a particular area of expertise you'd like to share insight on, we'd
love to hear it. Simply reply to this e-mail with the word 'Question' or 
'Comment' in the subject of your reply. 

The reply address is not for issues regarding customer service...you may
or may not receive a reply. If we include any of your comments, we'll
credit you, of course. If you wish to remain anonymous, we'll protect your
privacy.

For customer service issues, you can email us at customerservice@cabotwealth.com

---

Please note: We sent this e-mail to: avcooper@speedy.uwaterloo.ca because you subscribed
to this service.

To end your Cabot Wealth Advisory e-mail subscription, visit this address:

 http://mail.cabot-online.com/u?id=13148861R&o=186759&l=cwa-eletter

To cancel by mail or for any other subscription issues, write us at:
   
Cabot Heritage Corporation
P.O. Box 2049
176 North Street 
Salem, MA 01970

---

ALL CONTENTS OF THIS E-MAIL ARE COPYRIGHT 2007 BY CABOT HERITAGE
CORPORATION. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED: REPRODUCING ANY PART OF THIS DOCUMENT IS
PROHIBITED WITHOUT THE EXPRESS WRITTEN CONSENT OF CABOT HERITAGE
CORPORATION.

Protected by U.S. Copyright Law {Title 17 U.S.C. Section 101 et seq.,
Title 18 U.S.C. Section 2319}: Infringements can be punishable by up to
five years in prison and $250,000 in fines.

LEGAL DISCLAIMER:  Neither Cabot Heritage Corporation nor its
employees are compensated in any way by the companies whose stocks we
recommend.  We may or may not buy and sell securities mentioned.
Sources of information are believed to be reliable, but they are in no
way guaranteed to be complete or without error. Recommendations,
opinions or suggestions are given with the understanding that readers
acting on information assume all risks involved.

