From ip-health-admin@lists.essential.org  Fri Jun  1 03:58:16 2007
Return-Path: <ip-health-admin@lists.essential.org>
Received: from lists.essential.org (lists.essential.org [65.222.215.36])
	by flax9.uwaterloo.ca (8.12.8/8.12.5) with ESMTP id l517wFhB006524
	for <ktwarwic@flax9.uwaterloo.ca>; Fri, 1 Jun 2007 03:58:15 -0400
Received: from lists.essential.org (localhost.localdomain [127.0.0.1])
	by lists.essential.org (Postfix) with ESMTP
	id 1F81CB3FC; Fri,  1 Jun 2007 03:46:35 -0400 (EDT)
Delivered-To: ip-health@lists.essential.org
Received: from keionline.org (keionline.org [69.5.15.206])
	by lists.essential.org (Postfix) with SMTP id 44A85B3DB
	for <ip-health@lists.essential.org>; Thu, 31 May 2007 17:54:38 -0400 (EDT)
Received: (qmail 29937 invoked from network); 31 May 2007 21:54:37 -0000
X-Originating-IP: [70.88.158.145]
Mime-Version: 1.0 (Apple Message framework v752.3)
Message-Id: <B3213F9E-B990-4054-9C00-A7E7AE01AB39@keionline.org>
To: IP-Health <ip-health@lists.essential.org>
From: Benjamin Krohmal <ben.krohmal@keionline.org>
X-Mailer: Apple Mail (2.752.3)
content-transfer-encoding: 7bit
content-type: text/plain;
 charset=US-ASCII;
 delsp=yes;
 format=flowed
Subject: [Ip-health] PR and lobbying on Thai CLs
Sender: ip-health-admin@lists.essential.org
Errors-To: ip-health-admin@lists.essential.org
X-BeenThere: ip-health@lists.essential.org
Precedence: bulk
List-Help: <mailto:ip-health-request@lists.essential.org?subject=help>
List-Post: <mailto:ip-health@lists.essential.org>
List-Subscribe: <http://lists.essential.org/mailman/listinfo/ip-health>,
	<mailto:ip-health-request@lists.essential.org?subject=subscribe>
List-Id: Discussions of Intellectual Property and Health Care <ip-health.lists.essential.org>
List-Unsubscribe: <http://lists.essential.org/mailman/listinfo/ip-health>,
	<mailto:ip-health-request@lists.essential.org?subject=unsubscribe>
List-Archive: <http://lists.essential.org/pipermail/ip-health/>
X-Original-Date: Thu, 31 May 2007 17:52:21 -0400
Date: Thu, 31 May 2007 17:52:21 -0400

great story on the role of PR firms in the CL debate:



http://www.bangkokpost.com/Perspective/27May2007_pers01.php

SPINNING A NEW IMAGE

One of the more interesting stories to come out of the ongoing US-led
battle against Thailand's stance on compulsory licensing of
pharmaceuticals is the increasing role of public relations firms in
the global political sphere, writes ERIKA FRY

Earlier this month, while Thai Health Minister Mongkol na Songkla was
in the United States making a case for the country's decision to
issue compulsory licenses on Aids drugs, American Ashley Wills - a
former ambassador and present adviser for a Washington DC law firm
with drug company clients - was in Bangkok to speak at the Foreign
Correspondent's Club. Turnout was low and those that showed up were
prone to asking Wills questions that, representing neither the drug
companies nor the American government, he couldn't answer.

He had made the trip to Thailand on behalf of a concerned and
informal group of "friends of Thailand," (no connection to his firm's
pharmaceutical clients, he assured) and given the urgency of the
matter, had planned the trip hastily, with just 24 hours to pack his
bags, send a few emails, and arrange for "Road Map to Fostering Good
Thai-US Relations" press kits.

The urgent matter at hand was the souring of US-Thai relations which,
having withstood the coup, the YouTube debacle, and an alleged threat
by a Thai health official to kidnap western tourists, had become
officially pack-the-bags-and-fly-to-Thailand sour when Thailand's
health ministry decided to issue the compulsory licenses for Aids and
heart disease medications.

Like Thailand's decision to issue the compulsory license, Wills'
visit was not particularly transparent. While he conceded that
intellectual property laws as they related to drugs needed to be
reviewed and targeted drug pricing strategies needed to be examined,
it was clear that his views ran west of centre and that he wished to
steer clear of any talk about people dying because of a lack of
access to prescription drugs.

"Thailand has many friends, but this decision hurt and depleted some
of Thailand's reputational capital," he said.

Along with that loss, Thailand patent-breaking helped place it on the
US' intellectual property priority watch list (though the country's
continued counterfeiting of optical discs and software may be just as
much to blame) and subject of a "Sliding towards Burma" smear
campaign that ran - with some truths and some fictions - in
advertisements in this paper, the Post Today, the Wall Street
Journal, and the Nation.

The campaign's efforts, which even Wills called "extreme," also
included the mounting of the thailies.com and thaimyths.com websites
(the buck apparently stops at thaifibs.com) and were the work of USA
for Innovation, an organisation which seems to exist only with a
website, a telephone number, an employee named Maura
(@usaforinnovation.org) who receives but does not respond to emails,
and another former ambassador (to the United Nations in the early
'80s), Ken Adelman, at its helm.

Besides being the Executive Director of USA for Innovation, Adelman
is based in Washington DC as a senior counselor with Edelman Public
Relations Worldwide, a firm with drug company clients and a history
(sometimes embarrassing - see walmartingacrossamerica.com) for
creating front groups and making up organisations.

Whether through elaborate acts of subterfuge or more diplomatic
efforts to sway public opinion and Thailand's patent-breaking stance,
both Wills' visit and Adelman's campaign reflect the growing role
lobbying and public relations firms are playing in international
trade and modern politics.

They also hint at the increasing importance of international
perception, and in striving for that, only one aspect of the Thai
government's current public relations mess.

The government has also been occupied with Edelman's other - possibly
former - client, ousted prime minister Thaksin Shinawatra. While no
longer in power, Dr Panitan Wattanayagorn, an academic adviser to the
Prime Minister in foreign affairs and an associate professor of
international relations at Chulalongkorn University says "Thaksin
continues to captivate the imagination of the people" with the help
of a handful of foreign PR firms and a range of stunts that have
included his election to Thailand's PGA presidency and a prolonged,
public mulling over a bid for the Manchester City football club.

"It is a sophisticated and orchestrated effort with fingerprints of a
big corporation, but he has a winning PR formula," says Dr Panitan.
"Few leaders can keep up with him."

MESSAGE MUST BE REPETITIVE

Meanwhile, the government's struggle with its public and
international image is just as much due to its own foibles and the
fact that it came to power via a military coup in the 21st century.
(Even smooth as silk and with flower-laden tanks, a coup is a coup.)

And so when the government announced that it, too, would hire a US
lobbying firm for $600,000 and three months of PR, the last thing it
needed - but perhaps the first thing it should have expected - was
bad publicity.

While there were supporters, the government was widely ridiculed for
spending so little, while simultaneously lambasted for spending so
much (USA for Innovation issued a press release stating "PR trumps
Public Health").

"Three months is either very naive or very ambitious," says Ken Hong,
Managing Director of the public relations firm Weber Shandwick Thailand.

Hong says the PR business is about conveying a particular message and
influencing people. It takes a repetitive, long term effort to change
minds. It takes us 3 months to plan a press conference."

He said he wouldn't have taken the assignment and hopes that the firm
that did was clear and realistic about what the government stands to
gain from a 3-month contract.

Tharit Charungvat, Director-General of the Foreign Ministry's
Department of Information tried to clarify the pricing issues,
explaining that while the firm they were negotiating with had strong
connections and a history with foreign government clients, Thailand
had been able to strike a deal through long negotiations because
Thailand was a poor country.

He added that the firm was hired not to counter a particular person
or particular organisation, but to promote foreign understanding of
the Thai situation and to help the country advocate its causes in
Washington, where trade deals are made and where Thailand, with an
$11 billion trade surplus, has many interests to protect (see side
story about lobbying industry).

Dr Panitan acknowledged the government is working to put together a
"we will recover soon" package, but that it is a challenge as
Thailand is a very small player in a large and well-funded PR war.

"Hiring these firms is not cheap, but in the end you cannot avoid it.
Thai politics are increasingly global and connected to the
international community. This is new era politics where government
must be marketed to media and a foreign audience," he says.

Hong agrees, but adds that the new importance of nation-branding is
global. "Sooner or later, countries are going to realise the way the
international community perceives them on matters in business and
politics."

He says for most it will become an issue "when it hits the
pocketbook," or when something affects a country's tourism or revenue
generating means.

While Thailand recently saw tourism earnings rise, Dr Yubol
Benjarongkij, dean of Chulalongkorn's Faculty of Communication Arts
says the government's PR campaign will need to demonstrate to
tourists, investors, and the international community that the country
is stable and on a swift path back towards democracy.

Because it is an interim government, political leaders don't need to
focus on their image, but simply "prove that the country is not
collapsing or going backward into the junta system," she says.

To some the hiring of the firm came as a surprise. "The coup
government is not keen in terms of advertising," she said.

Yet, while the call to hire communication specialists may not have
been expected from a group of cabinet ministers who have been branded
the "Old Ginger", public relations are not new to Thailand, or Thai
politics.

Dr Gee Ekachai, an associate communications professor at Marquette
University in the United States who has written a book chapter on the
subject, says "Professional PR in the very beginning was used as a
mouthpiece of the Thai government starting in 1932, when the nation
changed its political system. The government felt the need to educate
the Thai population, who at the time were not well educated about
democracy. It was mostly one-way, persuasive communication."

THAKSIN'S PR BLITZ

Dr Panitan says the field first began entwined in modern politics
during some low-profile campaigns in the 80s, and then more publicly
in 1996, with an effort to soften and internationalise the image of
Suphan Buri boss-turned-prime minister Banharn Silpa-archa.

Even so, it was really Thaksin who took the use of public relations
to new heights in politics, he says, through policy branding efforts
like the 30-baht health scheme and OTOP, and ploys like a highly
publicised helicopter ride over Bangkok (which came with his promise
to rid the city of traffic jams in 6 months or less).

He says Thaksin's approach to politics was novel, and in the void
left by the '97 economic crash, his ability to reinvent himself and
politics, made him popular and energised the electorate.

While Dr Panitan says this approach was much less successful during
Thaksin's second campaign because he had failed to produce on earlier
promises, he believes the technique signalled a new era of Thai
politics, and the style - if not the man - is here to stay.

Other parties have started following suit, he notes, including the
Democrat Party which, although "less dynamic and flamboyant" than
Thaksin's efforts, is currently rebranding itself through new logos
and can-do policy.

"Capitalism and politics are merging," he says, predicting that money
politics - with focuses on image building and marketing tools - will
assume new importance in running campaigns. "This is a new phase of
Thai politics where politicians will be more sophisticated, well-
rounded and connected."

He generally believes this to be a good thing, as governments or
politicians with a public relations focus, can reach larger
audiences, promote better understanding of issues, and also better
understand and "penetrate the mood" of its people.

This is especially beneficial to young democracies, he asserts,
because the improved understanding from both ends can lead to more
modern and appropriate policy for the people as well as a more
interested and engaged public.

CRISIS CONTROL

The PR industry has also become a force in government and politics
because of its role in crisis (Hong says this is an overstatement and
prefers "issue") management. Hong explains that firms assist clients
to develop strategies, responsibility and contact lists, victim
policies, and a comprehensive plan to handle any reputation-
imperiling issues that come about.

He uses Thailand's YouTube blocking debacle, which he says could have
been handled in better ways, to explain the value of crisis
management, and how a small issue can sometimes lead to
disproportionate change in international perception.

He notes that the blocking of YouTube is ultimately not a big deal,
though in the ordeal "Thailand has received a black eye from the IT
community" and categorisation by some with China and Myanmar.

"This is not accurate, but ask 100 westerners, and they wouldn't know
the difference. In general, the 'we will just shut you down
mentality' will almost always trigger negative perceptions. Everyone
knows that's how China works, but it was surprising for Thailand,
especially because of the severity of the response."

While he supports Thailand's right to exercise its laws, he suggests
spelling out and educating the international community on little-
understood cultural laws in order to avoid conflict in the future.

"Californians don't know lese majeste laws," he says, adding that the
situation could also be improved with more open communication to
local citizens and the IT community.

"The decision makers don't understand the IT community, where there's
lots of quick, word-of-mouth exchanges. While the government might
not consider this a priority audience, their perception of Thailand
has fallen."

He says this can have repercussions because "major news outlet
monitor the Internet for news stories. It's not just 18-year-olds
anymore - communication is much faster. The Internet has changed
everything."

Hong believes openness and transparency is the key ingredient to good
public relations.

"If people smell spin and propaganda, they shut you down right away.
People have to believe you are being honest. Honesty is more
effective than invisibility these days."

He notes that technology, and particularly the Internet, make it easy
for consumers to know when they are being duped.

It took only a few days, for example, for Internet audiences to
connect Adelman-Edelman-USA for Innovation and the pharmaceutical
industry and post it all on SourceWatch.org, a site run by the US'
Center for Media and Democracy that monitors public relations
professionals and lobbying activities.

Maybe because of this, USA for Innovation's web Action Center has
been quiet since the last in its flurry of press releases ("USA for
Innovation Launches Thai Myth #4") was posted May 10, only a few
weeks after the site was launched.

(The answering machine at USA for Innovation still picks up, though
emails, phone calls and inquiries regarding USA for Innovation at
Edelman have been ignored or passed off with an "I have no idea. Ken
Adelman is only a consultant here.")

Nonetheless, the organisation still incenses some, including Dr
Yubol, who found USA for Innovation's ads to be in violation of the
spirit and ethics of public relations.

"Like in any career there are those that will do things they want,
but I don't think PR is something we use to attack other people.
Maybe explain misunderstandings, but not to attack."

She added that she understood the drug companies needed money for
research and development purposes, but thought that the USA for
Innovation smear campaign was the wrong way to pursue that goal.

Striking a compromise and "making the drug available to Thais for an
affordable price, would be the best PR move a drug company could
make," she says.

As an afterthought, Dr Panitan mentions that even in these globalised
times, there are probably cheaper and more natural means to bettering
a country's international image. He suggests the work of NGOs or the
old-fashioned diplomacy for which Thailand has been admired and which
proved successful earlier this year at the EU-ASEAN summit.

He adds that while PR and lobbying firms may help settle anxieties of
tourists, investors and parties abroad, "in the end it comes down to
real facts."

"It is quite complicated to win the hearts and minds of people," he
says "A government has to capture the feelings of its constituents as
well as the mood as it changes day to day and with current issues.

"That's going to take effective communication, management and
governance."

It wasn't until ex-prime minister Thaksin Shinawatra hired an
American lobbying firm late last year that many Thai citizens had
heard of the business, says Dr Yubol Benjarongkij, dean of
Chulalongkorn University's Communication Arts Faculty.

Yet, while lobbying may have been relatively unknown to the general
public, Dr Panitan Wattanayagorn, an associate professor of
International Relations at Chulalongkorn and an academic adviser to
the Prime Minister on foreign policy, explains that lobbying has been
"a practice adopted from time to time" by Thailand to protect the
agricultural sector or to push for Thai candidates within
international organisations like the WTO or the UN.

He explains that lobbying organisations are hired to help represent a
point of view to policy makers in Washington. Lobbyists are good at
packaging information, and oftentimes, being former politicians
themselves (like Adelman), have the connections necessary to get the
message out there.

For example, it was reported that the Thai government in 2002 hired a
lobbying firm to keep its rice crop from use in the genetic
modification experiments of US biotech firms. Meanwhile, the Center
for Public Integrity's LobbyWatch site, which reports on all moneys
registered in the US lobbying system, shows that individuals or
organisations in Thailand spent around $970,000 in lobbying efforts
from 1998-2004 (some of which came from Thailand's steel and garment
industries, but the majority of which was sourced by Prachai
Leophairatana, the founder and former CEO of Thai Petrochemical
Industry.)

If this sounds like a little money, Cambodia, Malaysia, Vietnam spent
far less. If it sounds like a lot, consider Japan, whose Honda
company alone spent $2.5 million (Japan spent $13 million), or
France, which spent $45 million, or the US which spent over $11
billion on lobbying during the same period.

Though Thailand's overseas lobbying efforts have been limited,
according to Dr Panitan, "our lobbying efforts have been quite
successful in the past."

He says that lobbying firms have become critical tools shaping
international affairs and trade, as "the companies are well connected
to overseas business and political elites." He adds that they
lobbyists are often ex-politicians that having served in top
positions, can easily connect with overseas governments, arrange
intimate meetings with top officials, and exert tremendous influence
on policy.

This also helps explain the attention Thailand has received in its
patent-breaking battle.

The amount Thailand (or even France) expends on lobbying also pales
in comparison to what is spent by the US pharmaceutical industry,
which according to a report from the US Center for Public Integrity,
has 1,100 lobbyists (basically a 2:1 lobbyist to policy maker ratio
working in Washington) and spent $155 million in just January 2005-
June 2006.

The report also showed that drug companies on average spend twice as
much on marketing as on research and development, the aspect of
pharmaceutical work that the industry claims stands gravely imperiled
by the patent-breaking ways of Thailand and other developing nations.

Edelman-client and Kaletra-producing Abbott Laboratories spent $4.9
billion on marketing, as opposed to $1.7 billion on R&D in 2004,
while Merck, the producer of Efavirenz, spent $7.35 billion for
marketing and just $4.01 billion on R&D.

Ken Hong says that the dominance and political influence that such
industries gain in lobbying efforts is what has given the practice
negative connotations.


_______________________________________________
Ip-health mailing list
Ip-health@lists.essential.org
http://lists.essential.org/mailman/listinfo/ip-health

