From bounce-164096-13148861@cabotmail.net  Mon Apr 23 16:51:52 2007
Return-Path: <bounce-164096-13148861@cabotmail.net>
Received: from cabotmail.net (cabotmail.net [69.25.193.100])
	by speedy.uwaterloo.ca (8.12.8/8.12.5) with SMTP id l3NKpp6w001409
	for <avcooper@speedy.uwaterloo.ca>; Mon, 23 Apr 2007 16:51:51 -0400
Message-Id: <200704232051.l3NKpp6w001409@speedy.uwaterloo.ca>
From: Timothy Lutts <TimothyLutts@cabotwealth.com>
To: avcooper@speedy.uwaterloo.ca
Subject: Cabot Wealth Advisory 4/23/07 - Apple vs. eBay
Date: Mon, 23 Apr 2007 16:15:00 -0400
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="ISO-8859-1"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
Reply-To: TimothyLutts@cabotwealth.com
Status: O
Content-Length: 14473
Lines: 338

April 23, 2007

Salem, Massachusetts

By Timothy Lutts

-----
Featuring Lutts' Logic:

The Most Creative Company on Earth?

The People's Auctioneer

The Surprise Winner!
-----

Every Wednesday in our office we have a meeting that includes not just our
three in-house editors but also my father and brother.  The purpose?  To
present original stock research and share ideas about investments that are
working in the current environment . . . all in a friendly atmosphere.

My father, Carlton, is the founder of this company, and retired three
years ago.  My guess is that you've never met a man who likes to jump on a
strong stock as much as my father.  No stock is too strong or too high for
him!  My brother, Robert, is the President of Cabot Money Management, and
tends to be more fundamentally oriented.  Today he loves natural resource
stocks and foreign stocks, particularly those in India.

Mike Cintolo and Paul Goodwin you're getting to know through these
letters.  And me?  I appreciate them all, though I confess to a contrary
streak.  Plus, I'm the guy who likes to run contests . . . just to make it
interesting.

We have one running now.  The question, which I posed back at the start of
the year: Which stock will do better in 2007, Apple or eBay?

Paul and I picked eBay, the other three picked Apple.  And you can read
their arguments below.

-----
Apple Pro.

Apple has Steve Jobs, perhaps the greatest CEO on Earth today . . . and he
works for only a buck a year!  In our experience, an innovative leader
with an excellent track record is a huge plus for a stock.

Thanks to iTunes and the iPod, Apple is the world's leading legal provider
of downloaded music, having achieved what the music companies could not. 
Thanks to that, its share of the computer business, which has been
famously small for years, is growing fast.   

In the quarter ended December 30, Apple sold 5% of the computers in the
U.S., up from 4% a year ago.  That's a 25% jump!  Dell, by contrast, sold
28%, down from 34% a year ago.

But the future lies in music and TV, so Apple has removed the word
"Computer" from its name.   The company has already sold 100 million
iPods.  The Apple TV was launched in March.  And the Apple iPhone comes in
June!

I love Apple products; I've been buying them since 1986, for both business
and home.  Our office uses Dell computers, too, but Apple dominates.  And
at home, it's all Apple, all the time, with every person having a computer
and an iPod.  I don't have an Apple TV yet, but that's only because I
don't have a wide-screen TV, and that's only because replacing the current
CRT set will require some major cabinetry work, and I'm putting it off as
long as I can.

But I think Apple will continue to sell millions of computers, iPods,
Apple TVs and (soon) iPhones, as well as millions and millions of songs
and movies.  For the company, the future is very bright!

Looking at the latest numbers, we see that Apple's revenues grew 24% in
the fourth quarter, to $7.1 billion.  Earnings, though, soared 75% from
the year before, to $1.14 per share, as profit margins swelled to 14.1%.

Even the valuation might be argued to be reasonable, as the current PE
ratio is 33, and that's well below both this year's earnings growth rate
of 75% and 2007's forecast of 43% earnings growth.

And the stock?  After hitting a high of 98 in January, it corrected to a
double bottom at 83 in February, and it's now following its 50-day moving
average up, preparing to break out to new highs.

 -----

Apple Con.

Valuation, when examining distant earnings estimates, appears elevated. 
Analysts are looking for 2008 earnings growth of just 21%, and that makes
the current PE ratio look high.

As for the products . . . there's no argument against the products.   
All parties admit they're elegant, easy-to-use, and thus extremely
satisfying.  But this year, less than half-over, has brought two instances
of delays, and that's rather unusual at Apple.  The first came when the
launch of Apple TV was delayed from February until March.  The second is
the delay of the next Macintosh operating system (Leopard) from June until
October.

The cons' real case lies in two more "advanced" areas of investment
analysis.  The first is based on Contrary Opinion, which reminds us that
stocks peak when public perception is at its highest . . . when all the
potential buyers have already bought.  Cons say it's hard to imagine
Apple's star glowing more brightly than it is now, and thus there's more
potential downside this year than upside.

For example, at last count there were 733 mutual finds owning Apple, and
that's just 32 off the peak number, hit last year.  Furthermore, there's
another contest I have running now, the annual employee stock-picking
contest.  Employees can pick any stock in the world, but this year, out of
fifteen entrants, four chose Apple!

Finally, there's the RP (relative performance) line, which gives us a
visual look at the performance of Apple stock compared to the performance
of the market (the Wilshire 5000).  While the peak for Apple stock, 97.80,
came in the first week of January, the RP line shows a long series of tops
dating back to January 2006.  In other words, Apple has performed no
better than the market over the past 15 months, and that's a sign of a
stock that may be transitioning from a leader to an average performer.


----- ADVERTISEMENT -----

Do You Hate to See a Great Stock Take Off and Not be Part of it?

When we saw that Apple Computer's price and earnings momentum was shooting
through the roof in September 2004, we named it Stock of the Month. It was
selling for a shockingly low $35 per share. Sixteen months later (adjusted
for a 2-for-1 split), it had turned a $10,000 investment into $49,370.

Cabot's May Stock of the Month, due to be released tomorrow, is another
U.S. company that serves a mass market.  Its products are very affordable.
They bring high profit margins to the company . . . over 18%.  Revenues
grew at a rate of over 200% in the latest quarter.  The stock came public
just last year . . . and institutional investors are climbing on board
fast.   This is THE stock to buy before it soars to new highs.

Try a Risk Free Subscription to Cabot Stock of the Month - Grow 50% in the
next 12 months or Pay Nothing!

http://cabotmail.net/t/164096/13148861/86/0/
-----

Moving on to eBay, on the plus side.

Meg Whitman, though not as creative or charismatic as Steve Jobs, is
nevertheless an excellent manager.

eBay's online auction business is #1 in the world, and its growth derives
from the creativity not of the person at the top but its more than 200
million users, who use it to buy and sell millions of items per day.

Then there's PayPal, acquired in 2002, which enables anyone with an e-mail
address to safely and legally send and receive money online.

And finally there's Skype, acquired in 2005.  The world's fastest-growing
Internet communication system, it enables users to make phone calls around
the globe via the Internet for pennies instead of dollars.

Looking at the numbers, we see first quarter revenues grew 27% to $1.8
billion, while earnings grew 38% to $0.33 per share.  Profit margins were
26.0%.  And in the past two years, profit margins have been extremely
steady, ranging from 24.9% to 28.3%.

As to valuation, the current PE ratio is 29, and analysts are looking at
earnings growth of 28% this year and 18% next year.

But the biggest reason to like eBay today is that it's not well loved! 
It's been years since the company was front-page copy.  And mutual fund
ownership is down to 552 funds, from a peak of 858 at the end of 2004.  If
you admit that the company has great growth ahead of it, you've got to say
that at some point, the selling by funds will end, and that the end of the
selling will mark a great bottom.

Valuation measures speak to the same idea, which brings us to the real
impetus for my contest.  eBay was a recommendation of Roy Ward, editor of
Cabot Benjamin Graham Value Letter, back in January.  Roy points out that
recent investments have cut eBay's earnings power temporarily, but sees
the potential for earnings growth of 42% in 2007, and says that makes it
attractive today.

Looking at the stock, we see that eBay hit a peak of 59 at the end of 2004
(its PE ratio then was 97), declined to a low of 23 last fall, and is now
performing about as well as the market.  Last week it broke out to new
highs above 34, but the breakout failed.  An RP analysis shows a low last
July, and a rather flat trend in recent months.

-----

eBay Con

It's no fun knocking a stock when it's already down, and eBay is now 43%
off its high.  But there is one fundamental negative that may hold it back.
 It's that eBay shows decelerating revenue growth, and that's a hard trend
to reverse without a blockbuster product.  Skype may be it, if it's
marketed right and becomes easy enough to use, but the profits may not be
in it.

Technically, the stock, as mentioned above, is only a market performer,
and when the market heads down, the risk is that eBay is pulled down with
it, to become even "cheaper."

As the year progresses, I'll be keeping up on these stocks.  As I write, AAPL
is up 9% year-to-date, while EBAY is up 12%.  In any event, the exercise
makes for some interesting thinking, and with enough thinking comes
wisdom.

-----

Editor's note,

None of Cabot's editors are currently recommending AAPL, but if breaks out
to new highs they certainly might.  EBAY, on the other hand, is still
recommended by Roy Ward, editor of Cabot Benjamin Graham Value Letter, and
if you'd like to keep up to date on that stock, as well as other
undervalued stocks, I recommend a trial subscription.  Simply click the
link below to get started.

http://cabotmail.net/t/164096/13148861/79/0/

-----

The Winner

The jury on my Apple vs. eBay contest will convene at year-end to announce
the winner.  But there's already a winner in the industry, working
behind-the-scenes, and it's CommScope (CTV).

Of course, you've probably never heard of CommScope, and that's a good
thing.  Neither have millions of other investors, and that means potential
buying power is huge!

CommScope first came to our attention when it earned a spot in Cabot Top
Ten Report on March 19, and editor Mike Cintolo was so impressed that he
named it Editor's Choice, both then and when it returned in April.  The
story is simple, and it's big.  And here's what Mike wrote:

"CommScope is one of the leading producers of a variety of cabling systems
for telecom companies around the world.  In fact, it's the leading
provider of coaxial cable for Hybrid Fiber Coaxial applications (read: a
network that uses both coaxial cable and optical cable to deliver
broadband content).  And that's a market that's growing fast; telecom
firms are busy beefing up their networks so that they can offer voice,
video, Internet and more.  AT&T is even planning to offer an online TV
service within a couple of years!  In other words, more bandwidth is
needed, and after the huge build-up seen during the bubble years, the next
wave of upgrades is here - and benefiting CommScope.  Revenue growth is
decent, earnings growth has been 33% or better the past eight quarters,
and the company just bumped up its outlook for the first quarter.  Bottom
line, we like it."

As long as this bull market persists, CTV is likely to keep on running. 
Earnings are out after the market close on Thursday, April 26, and I
recommend that you check them out, and then decide if CTV deserves a spot
in your portfolio

-----

Editor's Note

To get weekly updates on CommScope, along with detailed analysis of the
strongest ten stocks in the market, join the thousands of other satisfied
readers of Cabot Top Ten Report.  It's the best place to find the next
Hansen Natural, the next NutriSystem, and the next Western Refining. 
Simply click the link below to begin.

http://cabotmail.net/t/164096/13148861/81/0/
-----

Yours in pursuit of wisdom and wealth,

Timothy Lutts
Publisher
Cabot Wealth Advisory

----------

Cabot Wealth Advisory, a free thrice-weekly e-mail service brought to you
by the Cabot family of investment newsletters. To learn more or subscribe,
see: http://www.cabotwealth.com

Are you having trouble receiving your Cabot Wealth Advisory?  You can
ensure its arrival in your mailbox here:
http://www.cabotwealth.com/whitelist

To learn more about Tim Lutts, visit our site:
http://www.cabotwealth.com/lutts

We appreciate your feedback. Follow the link below to fill out our survey:
http://mail.cabot-online.com/subscribe/survey?f=448

Our writers and contributors welcome your questions and comments. If you
have a particular area of expertise you'd like to share insight on, we'd
love to hear it. Simply reply to this e-mail with the word 'Question' or 
'Comment' in the subject of your reply. 

The reply address is not for issues regarding customer service...you may
or may not receive a reply. If we include any of your comments, we'll
credit you, of course. If you wish to remain anonymous, we'll protect your
privacy.

For customer service issues, you can email us at customerservice@cabotwealth.com

---

Please note: We sent this e-mail to: avcooper@speedy.uwaterloo.ca because you subscribed
to this service.

To end your Cabot Wealth Advisory e-mail subscription, visit this address:

 http://mail.cabot-online.com/u?id=13148861R&o=164096&l=cwa-eletter

To cancel by mail or for any other subscription issues, write us at:
   
Cabot Heritage Corporation
P.O. Box 2049
176 North Street 
Salem, MA 01970

---

ALL CONTENTS OF THIS E-MAIL ARE COPYRIGHT 2007 BY CABOT HERITAGE
CORPORATION. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED: REPRODUCING ANY PART OF THIS DOCUMENT IS
PROHIBITED WITHOUT THE EXPRESS WRITTEN CONSENT OF CABOT HERITAGE
CORPORATION.

Protected by U.S. Copyright Law {Title 17 U.S.C. Section 101 et seq.,
Title 18 U.S.C. Section 2319}: Infringements can be punishable by up to
five years in prison and $250,000 in fines.

LEGAL DISCLAIMER:  Neither Cabot Heritage Corporation nor its
employees are compensated in any way by the companies whose stocks we
recommend.  We may or may not buy and sell securities mentioned.
Sources of information are believed to be reliable, but they are in no
way guaranteed to be complete or without error. Recommendations,
opinions or suggestions are given with the understanding that readers
acting on information assume all risks involved.

