From bounce-196102-13148861@cabotmail.net  Mon Jun 11 16:22:05 2007
Return-Path: <bounce-196102-13148861@cabotmail.net>
Received: from cabotmail.net (cabotmail.net [69.25.193.100])
	by flax9.uwaterloo.ca (8.12.8/8.12.5) with SMTP id l5BKM4L9018410
	for <avcooper@speedy.uwaterloo.ca>; Mon, 11 Jun 2007 16:22:05 -0400
Message-Id: <200706112022.l5BKM4L9018410@flax9.uwaterloo.ca>
From: Timothy Lutts <TimothyLutts@cabotwealth.com>
To: avcooper@flax9.uwaterloo.ca
Subject: Cabot Wealth Advisory 6/11/07 - Tools, Tools and More Tools
Date: Mon, 11 Jun 2007 16:15:00 -0400
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="ISO-8859-1"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
Reply-To: TimothyLutts@cabotwealth.com

June 11, 2007

Salem, Massachusetts

By Mike Cintolo

-----

Featuring Mike's Musings:

An Economic Tool

A Short-Term Timing Tool

A Stock-Picking Tool

-----

Editors Note: The blast-off phase of the bull market is over.  The
scapegoat of the year may turn out to be famed bond manager Bill Gross,
who opened his mouth last week to opine that inflation was coming back. 
But it's really not Bill's fault.  We've had a super three-month run, and
now the investing business is going to get a little harder.  More details
on this in the letter below from Mike Cintolo. But first I want to let you
know that Cabot is looking for new talent, particularly on the editorial
side.  If you're passionate about investing, and you'd like to share your
expertise with the world, I'd like to hear from you.  By email, of course.
 And now, on to Mike. 

Timothy Lutts, TimothyLutts@cabotwealth.com

-----

Inflation!!!  Run for the hills!!!  Ahhhh!!!

That, in short, was the story of the stock and bond markets from last
week.  As Tim mentioned above, whiz Pimco bond fund manager Bill Gross
opined early in the week that he shifted to a bearish long-term view of
bonds, believing inflation is going to pick up and drive interest rates
higher.  That, in part, caused a big bond market sell-off, a huge increase
in long-term interest rates, and of course, a plunging stock market from
Tuesday through Thursday.

But wait!  In an interview on CNBC Friday, Mr. Gross said that while
long-term rates might get as high as 6 1/2% over the next three to five
years (who can see that far in the future??), he believes short-term rates
are likely to hold where they are ... or even move lower in the near term!
 So which one is it?  I realize the bond market has many different moving
parts, but one day he's talking about inflation and a bear market in
bonds, and the next, he's talking about the opposite.

(Incidentally, this kind of back-and-forth talk reminds me of Alan
Greenspan's comments from February, which I wrote about in the Wealth
Advisory, when he was talking about recession probabilities.  And not
surprisingly, Pimco's has hired Greenspan as a consultant!)

In any case, I am proud NOT to be an economist, so I'm not going to bore
you with any GDP forecasts or trade deficit chatter.  But the comings and
goings of last week bring two points to the fore.

First, as good as Bill Gross is, he's just one guy.  Instead of relying on
opinions, I prefer to look at facts.  The only two pieces of economic data
I check regularly come from the Economic Cycle Research Institute.  Their
original founder, Geoffrey Moore, came up with the Leading Economic
Indicators, which are still reported monthly by the government.  But
instead of resting on his laurels, he founded the ECRI, which has a great
track record of calling turns in the economy, and in inflation.  

The company's Future Inflation Gauge is its key, well, inflation gauge. 
And for the past few months, it's been skidding sharply!  In the press
release for the last report, managing director Lakshman Achuthan said,
"With the U.S. Future Inflation Gauge in a cyclical downtrend, U.S.
inflation is not a serious concern at this time."  

So why has the yield on the ten-year Treasury note jumped from 4.6% in
mid-May to more than 5.1% today?  Because economic growth is going to
accelerate!  ECRI publishes a Weekly Leading Index, which combines a bunch
of factors to give you an up-to-date glance at what the economy will be
doing a few months from now.  During the last couple of months, the Index
has been pushing higher, with the growth rate of the Index at multi-year
peaks.  Translation:  We're likely to see a good growth spurt during the
next six months.

Now, this doesn't mean the stock market can't go down for a bit.  A month
ago, I wrote about my hunch that we were near "the end of the beginning"
of this bull market.  In my mind, the Bill Gross "news" simply served as
an excuse for investors to book profits after a heady three-month advance.
 So maybe we're in for a summer trading range, with some exciting ups and
some depressing downs.  But the longer-term positives that were in place
(9-to-1 up days in March, record high NYSE short interest, Presidential
Election Cycle, etc.) are still there, so the odds remain in favor of
higher prices looking out a few months ... if not before.

-----

As Editor of Cabot Top Ten Report, our weekly publication that offers
subscribers a constant source of top-notch stock ideas, I come across
investors of all types.  Most, like me, are intermediate-term in nature;
they generally look to get into a powerfully uptrending stock, hold on for
two to four months, and then get out when the stock begins to show signs
of wear and tear.  Some are longer-term than that, willing to ride through
a stock's periodic 25% to 30% corrections (or base building periods,
depending how you look at it) in an effort to build huge gains.

But many Top Ten subscribers are also shorter-term, swing-type traders
looking to buy a good stock at the right time, and then cash out within
two or three weeks.  Even if most investors aren't short-term with their
entire portfolio, more and more do some swing trading as part of their
system.

Given this, and given my love of market timing, and given the new
ProShares (index funds that trade like stocks and move twice the index, up
or down), I've done a bit of research on shorter-term market timing. 
Here's one thing I found that you'll be able to use to make money.

It starts with the RSI indicator, which is available with just about every
charting system.  The RSI is a typical overbought/oversold indicator - it
ranges between 0 and 100, and if you're below 30, you're typically
oversold; above 70, overbought.  The default settings use a 14-day RSI. 
Now, I'm not a huge fan of most overbought/oversold indicators, but the
RSI is pretty good.  It's really the only one I follow.

This might all sound a bit complicated, but it's definitely not.  If you
use charts at all, you should be able to call up the RSI with ease.  

As it turns out, using the RSI for shorter time periods works, too.  In
fact, I tested the 2-day RSI (it moves up and down very quickly), and
found some exciting results.  For instance, since the start of 2003, if
the 2-day RSI for the S&P 500 dips below 15 (it usually does so fifteen or
twenty times a year), the S&P 500 is up 0.46% five trading days later,
nearly double the random return.  Even better, if the 2-day RSI closes
below 15 for two straight days (FYI, it did so this past Thursday), the
S&P 500 is up 0.74% a week later.  And if you go back further in time, say
to 1995, the results actually improve.

Want more?  Well, the 3-day RSI also provides interesting results.  If the
3-day RSI for the S&P 500 finishes a day below 20, then the index is up
0.65% a week later; two straight days below 20, and it's up 0.82% a week
later!  That might not sound like much, but 0.82% per week annualizes to a
49% return; clearly a market-beating result.  All of these results assume
the S&P is above its long-term 200-day moving average - making sure you're
in a general bull trend.

Now, I know what some of you are thinking.  "Mike, nice numbers and all,
but how am I going to make any sort of winnings by cranking out fractions
of a percent?"  Well, first, with the new leveraged ProShares and the
right RSI system, you could make some good money trading fifteen or twenty
times per year.  

But, second, for the way I trade, these RSI readings can be of use when
purchasing individual stocks ... helping you to buy at proper times.  All
things equal, it's going to help if you buy a leading stock when the
market itself is oversold (i.e., when the 2-day or 3-day RSI readings are
very low) and likely to bounce in the days ahead.  You're more likely to
get off to a good start, which is always important.  So keep an eye on
these RSI indicators going ahead; they've proven a big help to me, and
their records suggest they should continue to help in the future.

----- Advertisement -----

How to Invest Safer, Smarter and Better

Market timing gets little attention when the market is heading ever
higher, but now that a splash of cold water has hit investors in the face,
many are remembering that Wall Street is not a one-way street.

So if you're looking for a time-tested, award-winning system -- as well as
coverage on our Two-Second and Volume Blast-Off Indicators -- consider
giving the Cabot Market Letter a look. We not only tell you the market's
current condition, but we'll use that to get you into (and eventually out
of) the market's best stocks via our concentrated Model Portfolio.

You could easily see a $10,000 investment mushroom into $15,000 in six
months...into $20,000 in a year...into $35,000 in 18 months.

To learn more please visit this link:
http://cabotmail.net/t/196102/13148861/78/0/

-----

So now I've written about an economic tool, and a short-term trading tool.
 How about something for picking winning stocks?  I've got one of those,
too!

At Cabot, we've collected a few criteria that have helped us nail down
some big winners of yesteryear.  Tim has mentioned many of these before: 
Innovative management, revolutionary product or service, a huge mass
market, and more.  Well, a couple of years ago, I suggested testing a
simple criteria - triple-digit revenue growth.  It's turned out to be one
of our most reliable criteria!

Surely, 100%+ revenue growth is not a new concept when looking for growth
stocks.  But we know of few investors who specifically screen for and
search for stocks that are growing revenues at this type of pace.  Most
believe it's a positive thing ... but when they examine a stock growing
that fast, they usually end up finding reasons to avoid buying (too-high
valuation, a potential fad product, competitive pressures, etc.).  Our
studies show that these fast growers don't always work, but when they do,
they can be really big winners.

One triple-digit grower that's been on my radar screen:  Riverbed
Technology (RVBD), which is the full-fledged leader in the new wide-area
network (WAN) optimization networking market.  It's a great story!  Here's
what I had to write about it in Cabot Top Ten Report back on May 21:

"In recent years, most firms' work places have become more and more spread
out - employees are able to travel anywhere and still submit work thanks
to the Internet - and yet the major applications corporations run are
being centralized on the firm's servers. The result is lots of latency
(time for the data to travel back and forth to the worker) and chattiness
(interactions between dozens of servers, networks, etc.) - and a slow
network. The market's hungry for a solution ... and Riverbed has it! The
company's Steelhead appliance can boost speeds from five- to fifty-fold,
and better yet, is miles ahead of the competition; management says it has
an 18-24 month technology lead, and the firm's triple-digit revenue growth
and a history of big wins (in the fourth quarter, it won orders on 98 of
the 105 jobs in which it competed against Cisco!) confirms it. Bottom
line, this is a whole new networking field, and Riverbed is the leader."

Riverbed's revenues have grown 247%, 219% and 212% the past three
quarters; that's decelerating slightly, but is still lightning-fast
growth.  Earnings are also booming, up from a loss of $0.02 per share, to
a profit of $0.03, to a profit of $0.12 the past three quarters.  

The stock is also acting very well.  The stock rose from 39 in that issue
of Top Ten to as high as 43 before the market yanked it lower last week. 
But what I liked is how RVBD barely gave up ground (it held above 40),
while volume rolled below-average every day last week.  Clearly, few big
investors are dumping shares of this networking firm, as they anticipate
more stunning results to come.  I think RVBD is a "buy a little" situation
around these levels, with the idea of buying more should the stock and
market cooperate in the weeks to come.

That's it for this time.  As always, I welcome all questions and comments
at mike@cabotwealth.com.  Until next time, best of luck.

Mike Cintolo
For Cabot Wealth Advisory

Editor's note: Mike Cintolo is the Editor of the Cabot Top Ten Report, and
Vice President of Investments, for Cabot Heritage Corporation.

Even when the broad market is weak, there are always some stocks going up,
and the best way to find them, and to learn why they're so strong, is to
read Cabot Top Ten Report, which every Monday shoots an email to your
inbox detailing the fundamental and technical facts behind the ten
strongest stocks in the market.  Mike's momentum-based stock-picking
system has no biases. It doesn't dislike commodities, or chip sectors, or
housing stocks. If a stock is leading the market upward, Mike's system
will sniff it out.

To learn more visit the link below.
http://cabotmail.net/t/196102/13148861/81/0/


-----

Cabot Wealth Advisory, a free thrice-weekly e-mail service brought to you
by the Cabot family of investment newsletters. To learn more or subscribe,
see: http://www.cabotwealth.com

Are you having trouble receiving your Cabot Wealth Advisory?  You can
ensure its arrival in your mailbox here:
http://www.cabotwealth.com/whitelist

To learn more about Tim Lutts, visit our site:
http://www.cabotwealth.com/lutts

We appreciate your feedback. Follow the link below to fill out our survey:
http://mail.cabot-online.com/subscribe/survey?f=448

Our writers and contributors welcome your questions and comments. If you
have a particular area of expertise you'd like to share insight on, we'd
love to hear it. Simply reply to this e-mail with the word 'Question' or 
'Comment' in the subject of your reply. 

The reply address is not for issues regarding customer service...you may
or may not receive a reply. If we include any of your comments, we'll
credit you, of course. If you wish to remain anonymous, we'll protect your
privacy.

For customer service issues, you can email us at customerservice@cabotwealth.com

---

Please note: We sent this e-mail to: avcooper@speedy.uwaterloo.ca because you subscribed
to this service.

To end your Cabot Wealth Advisory e-mail subscription, visit this address:

 http://mail.cabot-online.com/u?id=13148861R&o=196102&l=cwa-eletter

To cancel by mail or for any other subscription issues, write us at:
   
Cabot Heritage Corporation
P.O. Box 2049
176 North Street 
Salem, MA 01970

---

ALL CONTENTS OF THIS E-MAIL ARE COPYRIGHT 2007 BY CABOT HERITAGE
CORPORATION. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED: REPRODUCING ANY PART OF THIS DOCUMENT IS
PROHIBITED WITHOUT THE EXPRESS WRITTEN CONSENT OF CABOT HERITAGE
CORPORATION.

Protected by U.S. Copyright Law {Title 17 U.S.C. Section 101 et seq.,
Title 18 U.S.C. Section 2319}: Infringements can be punishable by up to
five years in prison and $250,000 in fines.

LEGAL DISCLAIMER:  Neither Cabot Heritage Corporation nor its
employees are compensated in any way by the companies whose stocks we
recommend.  We may or may not buy and sell securities mentioned.
Sources of information are believed to be reliable, but they are in no
way guaranteed to be complete or without error. Recommendations,
opinions or suggestions are given with the understanding that readers
acting on information assume all risks involved.

