From bounce-150605-13148861@mail.cabot-online.com  Mon Apr  9 16:09:40 2007
Return-Path: <bounce-150605-13148861@mail.cabot-online.com>
Received: from mail.cabot-online.com (mail.cabot-online.com [69.25.193.101])
	by speedy.uwaterloo.ca (8.12.8/8.12.5) with SMTP id l39K9d0I019104
	for <avcooper@speedy.uwaterloo.ca>; Mon, 9 Apr 2007 16:09:39 -0400
Message-Id: <200704092009.l39K9d0I019104@speedy.uwaterloo.ca>
From: Timothy Lutts <TimothyLutts@cabotwealth.com>
To: avcooper@speedy.uwaterloo.ca
Subject: Cabot Wealth Advisory 4/9/07 - The Thin Veneer of Civilization
Date: Mon, 09 Apr 2007 16:08:32 -0400
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="ISO-8859-1"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
Reply-To: TimothyLutts@cabotwealth.com
Status: O
Content-Length: 12771
Lines: 273

April 9, 2007

Salem, Massachusetts

By Paul Goodwin 

-------------------
Featuring: 

Give Me the Simple Life ... But Not Too Simple  
 
The Chinese Entrepreneurial Spirit
 
A Very Attractive Play on Solar Cells 
 
-------------------


Sometimes, when the pace of the modern world gets to be too much, you hear
people talk about how they'd like to scale things back, slow down and get
in touch with a simpler reality.  I've even thought about that myself,
from time to time, although I'm also quite fond of the conveniences of
modern life.  

But that was before the storm last Wednesday that dropped six inches of
wet, Spring snow on southern New Hampshire.  By the time my wife and I
woke up on Thursday morning, our power was out, and our home phone service
was another casualty.   

This isn't all that uncommon here in New England, and in Dover, New
Hampshire where we live, it's usually a matter of a few hours before power
is restored.  But the powers that be didn't get our power back on until 45
hours later, thus giving me the taste of the simpler life that I may have
been yearning for without knowing it.   

When I got home Thursday night, my wife had brought in wood from the
woodshed and had the wood stove in our basement and the fireplace on the
first floor blazing merrily away.  We declined the opportunity to dirty
dishes that we couldn't wash and went out to eat in a part of town that
was still blessedly electrified.  

There followed a picturesque evening with us reading and doing crossword
puzzles by candlelight while sipping tea (since we could still light the
gas range with matches).  All very lovely.  

Friday morning, after 45 minutes of hauling a day's worth of wood from the
woodshed (and noticing the huge fallen pine limbs that illustrated where
the power had gone) and washing my hair with a pitcher of water heated on
the stove, it all seemed a little less idyllic.  I missed my water heater,
my iBook, my electric lights and my steam heat.  This life may be simple,
but I'm not stupid.  

Anyway, given my position as editor of the Cabot China & Emerging Markets
Report, this got me to thinking about people living in mud brick homes out
in the provinces of China who have been living like this for centuries,
without even the running water and flush toilets that have kept the veneer
of civilization intact back home in Dover.  

The communist revolution in China made a huge difference in the lives of
many city dwellers.  But for many peasants, life stayed pretty much the
way it had always been.  Maybe a People's Army medic would be available
and eventually the village might get a TV, but not much else changed.   

Then came the post-Mao era, the unleashing of the Chinese entrepreneurial
spirit and the new Chinese saying "To get rich is glorious!"  In other
words, The People's Republic of China became the People's [capitalist]
Republic.  And in less than a decade, cell phones, TVs, Internet cafes and
computers began spreading throughout the Middle Kingdom.  

The real lesson here is that while the communist revolution may have been
powerful, the most powerful force in the world is the revolution of rising
expectations.  Once people get a taste of modern life, they like it.  And
once they have it, they usually want more. 

In part, of course, it's the way that magazines, newspapers, movies and
the Internet show you the world of possibilities for the stuff you could
have.  But even more important are the images that modern media give you
about how you could live.  There are more people now living in freedom
because they kicked out their own leaders than there are people who were
freed from their leaders by outside forces.  If the communist party in
China knows what's good for it, it won't make a habit of standing in the
way of the Chinese people's desire to do what they want.  But I don't want
to get into politics.  

To bring this little disquisition around to investing, I'd like to point
out something from an earlier era that I really am nostalgic for ... clean
air.  Many of the best things in the modern world depend on electricity,
and most electricity is generated by burning stuff.  And almost every car
on the road is doing just the same thing.  Steel mills and other
factories, ditto. 

The answer to the riddle about how to have what we love about the modern
world, but without fouling our air, has been out there since the 19th
Century, but it's about to come into its own.  Photovoltaic cells, the
little slabs of doped silicon that power our calculators and keep remote
highway signs alight, are steadily moving toward the tipping point at
which the power that they produce - renewable, non-polluting power - will
rival the cost of power that comes from coal-fired generators. 

On the consumer side, this process is being helped along by countries like
Germany, Italy and Spain, and U.S. states like California that are
offering generous subsidies and rebates to encourage the use of clean
photovoltaic electricity.  And on the manufacturing side, different
manufacturers are using all kinds of strategies to lower costs, including
techniques to make thinner silicon cells, using alternative materials and
streamlining the manufacturing process. 

One of the stocks leading this charge found its way onto the recommended
list of my Report last week.  It's not First Solar, a U.S. manufacturer
we've written about before that's making cells that use less silicon. 
Instead, it's a Chinese solar cell manufacturer that's working on a number
of fronts to get the cost per kilowatt moving toward that long-sought
break-even point.   

The company is called Trina Solar (TSL), and it has the kind of innovative
management that will be needed if the cost per kilowatt is going to keep
heading down.  Consider the company's approach to its silicon feedstock. 
Both the solar cell industry and the semiconductor industry use the same
highly purified silicon as their basic material.  There's a lot of waste
in the process, including broken and contaminated wafers, machining
wastage and the like.  Most companies don't have the capability of
recycling that waste, but Trina Solar does.  And given the persistent
shortage, that's a major advantage.  Trina Solar is also on the way to
being a totally vertically integrated operation, with every step in
manufacturing under the company's direct control on one site.  Some day
there may come a huge breakthrough in the solar industry that will vault
some company into undisputed leadership in the industry and send its stock
into orbit.   But for now, it's Trina Solar and companies like it making
small improvements and finding small advantages that are winning the
battle to get electricity from the sun cheaply enough to make a
difference. 


============================
Editor's Note:  To get updates on Trina Solar and the other
recommendations in the Cabot China & Emerging Markets Report portfolio,
consider a risk-free trial subscription. The Report's BRIC (Brazil,
Russia, India and China) strategy gives subscribers news and
recommendations from the hottest large economies on earth.  Just click on
the link below to get started. 

Rated #1 Top Performing Newsletter for 2006 by The Hulbert Financial Digest

http://mail.cabot-online.com/t/150605/13148861/84/0/ 
============================

Just by way of contrast, you might want to take a look at Evergreen Solar
(ESLR), an American manufacturer of solar cells that takes a unique
approach to saving silicon.  Evergreen melts its silicon, then runs two
specialized strings through the liquid, creating a film of silicon between
the strings like a flat soap bubble.  The cooled film of silicon can be
used to make very thin solar cells without the wasteful process of sawing
wafers.  ESLR took a big hit when the company lost its supply of silicon,
falling from 17 a year ago to 7 in January, but it has rebounded to near
11 on good contract news, and may have turned the corner.  

By way of contrast with Trina Solar, it's interesting to look at Solarfun
Power Holdings (SOLF), another Chinese solar cell maker.  The company's
stock came public last December and roared from 10 to 17 in just a couple
of months.  But the company issued disappointing projections on gross
margins in early March, and the stock dropped quickly back toward 12.  Our
preference for Trina Solar is only partially based on the company's
technological advantages.  It's also based on the importance that we
attach to positive momentum in a stock's price.  There are lots of
companies whose stock should be going up because of some great patent or
technological edge.  But in the world of aggressive growth investing, we
think there's no substitute for a stock price that indicates that
investors are actually signing on.  So we'll stick with Trina Solar, for
now.  From innovative sources of silicon feedstock to a totally integrated
manufacturing facility, this young company, and its even younger stock,
make for a very attractive play on turning sunlight into electricity and
making the planet happy to boot.  

=====ADVERTISEMENT==============

Introducing Cabot Stock of the Month

A revolutionary investment advisory that brings you Wall Street's top
opportunity on a monthly basis, directly from the editors of Cabot Market
Letter, Cabot Top 10 Report, Cabot China & Emerging Markets Report, and
Cabot Benjamin Graham Value Letter.

Try It Risk Free for the Next 12 Months - Grow 50% or Pay Nothing!

To learn more, please visit this link:
http://mail.cabot-online.com/t/150605/13148861/86/0/

==============================

And as for my family's personal energy crisis, I'm pleased to report that
my wife and I are once again hearing the ice maker rumble, watching the
best that cable TV has to offer and e-mailing our friends and family about
our unexpected (and not completely unpleasant) trip back in time to a
simpler style of life.


Paul Goodwin
For Cabot Wealth Advisory

---------------

Paul Goodwin is the editor of Cabot China & Emerging Markets Report. Rated
#1 Top Performing Newsletter for 2006 by The Hulbert Financial Digest.

Check out the explosive profits of the fast-growing opportunities Paul
recommends. See how $5,000 can soar to $10,000, $15,000, $25,000-or
more-over the next two to three years.

Learn more here
http://mail.cabot-online.com/t/150605/13148861/84/0/

******************

Cabot Wealth Advisory, a free thrice-weekly e-mail service brought to you
by the Cabot family of investment newsletters. To learn more or subscribe,
see: http://www.cabotwealth.com

Are you having trouble receiving your Cabot Wealth Advisory?  You can
ensure its arrival in your mailbox here:
http://www.cabotwealth.com/whitelist

To learn more about Tim Lutts, visit our site:
http://www.cabotwealth.com/lutts

We appreciate your feedback. Follow the link below to fill out our survey:
http://mail.cabot-online.com/subscribe/survey?f=448

Our writers and contributors welcome your questions and comments. If you
have a particular area of expertise you'd like to share insight on, we'd
love to hear it. Simply reply to this e-mail with the word 'Question' or 
'Comment' in the subject of your reply. 

The reply address is not for issues regarding customer service...you may
or may not receive a reply. If we include any of your comments, we'll
credit you, of course. If you wish to remain anonymous, we'll protect your
privacy.

For customer service issues, you can email us at customerservice@cabotwealth.com

---

Please note: We sent this e-mail to: avcooper@speedy.uwaterloo.ca because you subscribed
to this service.

To end your Cabot Wealth Advisory e-mail subscription, visit this address:

 http://mail.cabot-online.com/u?id=13148861R&o=150605&l=cwa-eletter

To cancel by mail or for any other subscription issues, write us at:
   
Cabot Heritage Corporation
P.O. Box 2049
176 North Street 
Salem, MA 01970

---

ALL CONTENTS OF THIS E-MAIL ARE COPYRIGHT 2007 BY CABOT HERITAGE
CORPORATION. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED: REPRODUCING ANY PART OF THIS DOCUMENT IS
PROHIBITED WITHOUT THE EXPRESS WRITTEN CONSENT OF CABOT HERITAGE
CORPORATION.

Protected by U.S. Copyright Law {Title 17 U.S.C. Section 101 et seq.,
Title 18 U.S.C. Section 2319}: Infringements can be punishable by up to
five years in prison and $250,000 in fines.

LEGAL DISCLAIMER:  Neither Cabot Heritage Corporation nor its
employees are compensated in any way by the companies whose stocks we
recommend.  We may or may not buy and sell securities mentioned.
Sources of information are believed to be reliable, but they are in no
way guaranteed to be complete or without error. Recommendations,
opinions or suggestions are given with the understanding that readers
acting on information assume all risks involved.

