From bounce-174890-13148861@cabotmail.net  Mon May  7 16:44:12 2007
Return-Path: <bounce-174890-13148861@cabotmail.net>
Received: from cabotmail.net (cabotmail.net [69.25.193.100])
	by flax9.uwaterloo.ca (8.12.8/8.12.5) with SMTP id l47KiBqD003106
	for <avcooper@speedy.uwaterloo.ca>; Mon, 7 May 2007 16:44:11 -0400
Message-Id: <200705072044.l47KiBqD003106@flax9.uwaterloo.ca>
From: Timothy Lutts <TimothyLutts@cabotwealth.com>
To: avcooper@flax9.uwaterloo.ca
Subject: Cabot Wealth Advisory 5/7/07 - Golf and Investing: Practice, Practice, Practice
Date: Mon, 07 May 2007 16:42:44 -0400
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="ISO-8859-1"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
Reply-To: TimothyLutts@cabotwealth.com

May 7, 2007 

Salem, Massachusetts 

By Paul Goodwin 

----- 

Featuring:

Staying Humble: Golf and Investing 

Wins and Loses on Paper

An Interesting Stock from Out of the Blue 

-----

Editor's Note: Today we are fortunate to have Paul Goodwin, Editor of Cabot
China & Emerging Markets - Rated #1 Top Performing Newsletter over the
last 12 Months by The Hulbert Financial Digest - as our special guest.

I hope you enjoy Paul's perceptive comments, and the specialty metals
company that has just come public that he recommends you keep an eye on!

-----

I used to play golf regularly ... once a year.  I'd pick up the clubs
every summer when my wife and I visited my father, a man who had the good
sense to live far enough to the south to extend the golf season beyond
four or five months of the year.  I enjoyed the game and loved having the
time with my Dad. 

I'm not much of a golfer in terms of scoring; I've never broken 100 and
probably never will.  But while I was at Putnam Investments, I had a
co-worker who was both good at it and serious about it.  He routinely shot
in the 80s, and frequently made it into the 70s.  Under his influence I
played much more often (sometimes four or five times a summer), bought a
new club (a driver) to go along with the set of clubs I bought in 1964,
and even made my way to the driving range occasionally. 

But even with this exceptional (for me) level of commitment, I didn't
improve much, and I've spent some time figuring out why.  At the same
time, I've always enjoyed playing, and I've tried to figure that out, as
well, given my fairly low level of accomplishment.  Here's what I've
figured out. 

Why I Don't Do Well 

First, I don't play often enough.  Golf is a physical and mental exercise,
and building skill requires consistent, committed effort.  Playing once a
week (along with trips to the driving range) is probably a bare minimum. 
But golf is also expensive and time consuming, and I manage to fill the
daylight hours of the few warm months that New England offers in a year
with lawn and garden work, traveling, going to the beach and hanging out
with friends.  That doesn't leave many days free.  If practice makes
perfect, I'm highly unlikely to make much progress toward perfection. 

Second, I don't take lessons.  I've picked up lots of good tips from
friends, occasional viewings of The Golf Channel, and leafing through golf
magazines in doctors' and dentists' waiting rooms.  But a brain full of
maxims about how to play is no match for the insight of one professional
who sees what you're doing wrong and knows how to make you better. 

Third, golf demands that you do everything well.  If you break down the
game of golf, there are dozens of things that you have to do all at once
(and time after time) to get the ball from the tee into the hole in a
respectable fashion.  Tee the ball up wrong, lift your head, pull the club
back the wrong way ... there are so many ways to go wrong that it's a
miracle it ever works at all.   

Why I Enjoy It 

First, sometimes it works!  On a good day, about two out of every five
shots I hit do exactly what I want them to.  On a really good day, those
two shots will even happen on the same hole, allowing me to experience the
illusion of competence for a few minutes.  It's immensely satisfying. 

Second, it's good to have a challenge.  If I never do anything outside my
comfort zone, I know that I don't have a chance to grow.  And golf, which
is a constant challenge even for gifted people who work very hard at it,
will always be a tantalizing and humbling experience for a duffer like me.


Third, it's fun to hit things.  I've played tennis, squash, softball,
volleyball and lots of other sports, and I know that hitting things makes
me feel good.  So much of my work is intensely mental, and there's
something about the sight of a well-struck golf ball soaring in the right
direction that's good for the soul.   

You're probably asking yourself why I'm blathering on about golf in the
Cabot Wealth Advisory.  And the answer is that golf and growth investing
are incredibly similar in all the important ways. 

If you're going to be good at growth investing, you need to work at it. 
You need to spend time on it, take lessons in it and be prepared to learn
all the little maxims and rules associated with it.  And like golf, to be
really successful you need to do everything right; find stocks with good
fundamentals, strong stories and attractive charts, pick the right time to
buy, know when to average up in your holdings, and how to sell at the most
advantageous time.  And you need to know when the weather is so bad that
it's not worth playing. 

And also like golf, you won't always be successful.  Sometimes you think
you have the perfect stock and then its earnings report disappoints or the
company gets investigated for backdating options or an analyst downgrades
it.  You'll get punished for buying too high or holding on too long in a
decline.  A mutual fund manager whose decisions are right 51% of the time
is a hero in the industry.  If you can't tolerate failure, you can't enjoy
either golf or investing.  Both will keep you humble. 

And finally, growth investing, like golf can be a lot of fun.  Guessing
right on a stock and watching its price climb the chart can give you a
thrill that some people only get from a winning lottery ticket or having
their scale tell them that they've lost five pounds.  If the only thing
investors cared about was never losing money, they'd all buy nothing but
U.S. Treasury bonds.   

-- Advertisement --

Little-Known Investment Gets Money Flowing in like Niagara Falls

There's a group of investments you've probably never heard of that are
making some Americans very rich.

They're called income trusts, and they give you the most gratifying return
you can imagine -- cash now.  Annual yields often run into double digits.

Recently, the government imposed strict new rules on income trusts but
left a select group of trusts untouched until 2011.

This select group of trusts will get richer and richer over the next four
years as the trust market shakes out.

That means you have four more years to reap spectacular profits from these
cash-rich trusts. But you need clear, specific advice to profit fully from
the new income trust market.

That's exactly why we started the Income Trust Guide: to warn investors
just like you of the dangers and pitfalls that trap the unwary and to
point out the exciting opportunities for profit.

Click on the link below to learn more.

http://cabotmail.net/t/174890/13148861/90/0/

-----

In the ongoing Cabot Paper Portfolio contest, I've had a big winner with
Precision Castparts (PCP), a Portland, Oregon company that has found a
nice market niche in highly specialized castings, forgings and fasteners
for the aerospace, industrial and automotive markets.  I added it to my
paper portfolio at 81 back in January, and it's now trading at about 108. 
That's a nice win.   

Of course my paper portfolio (which can be pretty aggressive, since
there's no real money involved) has also had its shares of clinkers like
Rochester Medical (ROCM), a little company with a better idea for urinary
catheters.  I bought it in late March at 22, and watched with pride as it
headed toward 30.  Then I took my lumps as it took a four-day dive back to
17 after reporting disappointing results.  Stay humble. 

But the stock that I'd like to tell you about today is another specialty
metals firm that has just come public.  It's called Haynes International
(HAYN), and it's a Kokomo, Indiana-based company that develops and
produces high-performance nickel/cobalt alloys that are used in the
chemical, aerospace and gas turbine industries, areas where corrosion
resistance and high temperature resistance are paramount.   

The company traces its heritage directly to Haynes Stellite Works, a maker
of metal-cutting tools based on cobalt-chromium-tungsten alloys.  Founded
in 1912 in Kokomo by Elwood Haynes, the company has a continuous history
of developing new alloys that can stand up to the demands of high-stress
environments.  Haynes alloys were used in the rocket nozzles that sent
Apollo vehicles to the moon and allowed the Pratt & Whitney F100 engine to
break speed and climbing records in the F15 fighter. 

The stock traded for years on pink sheets, but just listed on the NASDAQ
in March.  There's really not enough of a chart at this point to create a
meaningful pattern, but the trend has been up and the stock is now pulling
back after hitting resistance at 80 in mid-April.  It's also a thinly
traded stock, with an average daily volume of just 251,000 shares.  This,
together with its float of just 11 million shares, may raise its
volatility.  But with just eight institutional supporters on the books,
the upside potential looks huge. 

This stock hasn't been featured in any of our publications, and it's a bit
of a gamble; but so is getting into your car for your morning commute. 
When it finishes its correction and builds a little base, it might just
prove to be another winner in this interesting sector, which boasts such
success stories as Allegheny Technologies (ATI), Titanium Metals (TIE) and
Precision Castparts (PCP), which I mentioned above.  The value of Haynes'
exotic alloys is about as far from the commodity model of copper and gold
stocks as you can get; the company is rewarded for the intellectual
capital that goes into their products.  It's good to have a business that
rewards R&D and specialized expertise.

Paul Goodwin
For Cabot Wealth Advisory

-----

Editor's Note:  As the editor of the Cabot China & Emerging Markets
Report, Paul Goodwin has had the good fortune to hit some nice long drives
that have put the Report at the top of the leader board among all
financial newsletters.

Check out the explosive profits of the fast-growing opportunities Paul
recommends. See how $5,000 can soar to $10,000, $15,000, $25,000-or
more-over the next two to three years.

Learn more here http://cabotmail.net/t/174890/13148861/84/0/

-----

Cabot Wealth Advisory, a free thrice-weekly e-mail service brought to you
by the Cabot family of investment newsletters. To learn more or subscribe,
see: http://www.cabotwealth.com

Are you having trouble receiving your Cabot Wealth Advisory?  You can
ensure its arrival in your mailbox here:
http://www.cabotwealth.com/whitelist

To learn more about Tim Lutts, visit our site:
http://www.cabotwealth.com/lutts

We appreciate your feedback. Follow the link below to fill out our survey:
http://mail.cabot-online.com/subscribe/survey?f=448

Our writers and contributors welcome your questions and comments. If you
have a particular area of expertise you'd like to share insight on, we'd
love to hear it. Simply reply to this e-mail with the word 'Question' or 
'Comment' in the subject of your reply. 

The reply address is not for issues regarding customer service...you may
or may not receive a reply. If we include any of your comments, we'll
credit you, of course. If you wish to remain anonymous, we'll protect your
privacy.

For customer service issues, you can email us at customerservice@cabotwealth.com

---

Please note: We sent this e-mail to: avcooper@speedy.uwaterloo.ca because you subscribed
to this service.

To end your Cabot Wealth Advisory e-mail subscription, visit this address:

 http://mail.cabot-online.com/u?id=13148861R&o=174890&l=cwa-eletter

To cancel by mail or for any other subscription issues, write us at:
   
Cabot Heritage Corporation
P.O. Box 2049
176 North Street 
Salem, MA 01970

---

ALL CONTENTS OF THIS E-MAIL ARE COPYRIGHT 2007 BY CABOT HERITAGE
CORPORATION. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED: REPRODUCING ANY PART OF THIS DOCUMENT IS
PROHIBITED WITHOUT THE EXPRESS WRITTEN CONSENT OF CABOT HERITAGE
CORPORATION.

Protected by U.S. Copyright Law {Title 17 U.S.C. Section 101 et seq.,
Title 18 U.S.C. Section 2319}: Infringements can be punishable by up to
five years in prison and $250,000 in fines.

LEGAL DISCLAIMER:  Neither Cabot Heritage Corporation nor its
employees are compensated in any way by the companies whose stocks we
recommend.  We may or may not buy and sell securities mentioned.
Sources of information are believed to be reliable, but they are in no
way guaranteed to be complete or without error. Recommendations,
opinions or suggestions are given with the understanding that readers
acting on information assume all risks involved.

